You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can take you as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that falls to you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Blook.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Spain, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
And I was going to hit it to blood every week in the bathroom bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the bathroom of the teachers.
I did it in secret.
Three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Post-protein, who said,``I need to see me.
I'm disillusioned that we never get to meet us.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man that I know you've ever found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to come up with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we were laughing, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we interviewed it, and we care about it, and we got rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to meet me, it became a ashes box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I spoke to you about did present itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I am very happy that today, a lot of it was talked about.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first pictures.
I was amazed.
My heart cans quickly, I was running, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The balls around me from the water about 60 meters, and I couldn't be thinking that it was a snowflake of snow on another piece of snow after year.
Birds are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice walls.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refused to get married and they cling up to the end, whereas others can't afford it anymore and they're going to fall into a dramatic passion artist.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, that are isolated and lonely isolated, in big measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum is melts, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm glad to photograph these pictures as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments, there's this way and you will not be going back to that way again.
It's not death when they melt down; it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the birds that photograph is very young -- he has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a iceberg that I'd like to show you in Kentucky, Greenland.
It's a little bit often to be able to be able to be able to do a short iceberg.
You have it.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, start rolling, the ship has moved over to the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a template of Greenland, average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same moment, every one of you having a baby . Okay.
So two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Think about that for a moment.
And in this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the sperm X of the sperm is joined to the X's chromosome.
Both of them make it, and it starts life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my land, I tend to make two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a historian historian, and what I study in this case is the way people are embracing anatomy -- to say, human bodies and animals, how they've considered body fluids, the idea of the body; what's thought about the body.
The other role that I think of in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes, imperial advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with similar twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with enzymes; people much lower than half.
And I've been working with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical therapist doesn't fit in the male schools and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it internal.
The infrastructure adopted many forms.
I'm going to put some examples in a way of having sex that doesn't fit into male or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual with crowd books X whose gene CEO of the chromosome and tells the programmers, that we all have in the fetal life, which becomes testicles.
And then, in fetal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks from testosterone receptors, the body does not react to the same.
It's the syndrome syndrome to the orangutans.
So there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops to follow a typical female course.
When it was born, the baby has as a child.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
And then, after doing tests, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome . .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really that.
Women, like men, we have in the body called super-like glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Sustainable glands produce ingredients, the hormone of masculinity.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman; I don't know their crossing structure; I think to be a typical woman most of women like me are sensitive to the orangutans.
We produce aggressions and respond to the orangutans.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain more exposed to the orangutans than the woman who was born with testicles that have the syndrome of insurgency to the orangutans.
That's why sex is complicated . It's not that the Neanderthals are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you go; I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a kid and I just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
I had an extreme way of a disease known as a super-sentition superconducting.
He had 20 chromosomes, and in the uterus, the supernormal glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were malaria, their brain was exposed to the hormone mathematical component.
I was born with a child's aspects; no one suspects anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when I started to have medical problems caused by internal menstruation, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was women in the inside.
Well, another quick example of an infrared case.
Some people with 20 chromosomes develop what's known as a no-brainer, which is, they have organic tissue wrapped in testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- they're both beer, systems, or internal surgeries are being tested to normal surgeries, is not to be able to do a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you're dealing with various surgeries is that it's a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is having female identity -- supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historic terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with marketing.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within a body . .
The most logical case is last year with the South African corridor Castle Street; he put on his sex test in the International International Games.
A lot of reporters called to ask me,``What do you test are going to do to determine whether beavers fear is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such exam.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't draw a linked line between men and women, or internal men and women -- we are us who trace that line.
So, what we have is a situation where the more science we have, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that are going to run directly with stable identity categories -- are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something which is much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do about the fact that we could differ from them in just a few nucleotides??
And as we move forward in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fetus of the fetus.
There are very heated discussions today not in public, but I know within medicine, when someone considers death.
Our ancestors never had to join them with this question of whether someone was dead.
Like a lot of them put a feather in front of the nose, and if it moved still, they didn't get it.
If you stopped moving it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to confront the dilemma to actually determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be able to harm someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, giving people in unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
Now, I'll see that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about it.
It's from the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension, first of all, I have to admit that I'm an admiration manager of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I found each other watching that music culture``1976 ,"and not by music, which is totally passionate.
It's why it happened in 1976 with the Fab Foundation.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an architectural concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our parents reject was the idea of the monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was made by the right blood's blood transmitted, and then the child, etc.
The Foundation parents rejected that idea and replace for a new architectural concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game camp and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the atomic differences . That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an unexpected system where they were killing two things.
The democracy was managing, and at the same time, the science was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the Foundation parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of subtle power transmitted by a vague idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, they talk about nature and god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are . .
And in consequence, they were being transferred to the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing it, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeed.
And then he came up with the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from South Street, who said,``I'm not a woman? ''
We found men in the Philippines of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, the color people who applied to architectural awareness about an anatomical difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence, we need to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should be able to take the anatomy.
I don't mean that five years of five were allowed to be allowed to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that are made at the beginning of this talk.
We have two of them, both of them combined in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in terms: I was born on March 1 , 1980.
For the only fact of being born three months before Mary is attributed every three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born after.
We find other gaps in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man, while I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered a man now is passionate of the mandatory entrepreneur that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, in their part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry every state with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So you still have an artificial category that's in several ways that are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could be diminished?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scarce.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome, and that to marry a woman has to be chromosome.
Now, in practice, they don't make people's criminal exams.
But this is also very strange, given the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome syndrome syndrome.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I love Dragon"offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people, not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do people judge people based on their character?
I want to point as well that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to give them rights to people, because I'm going to admit that I know from some pollutions that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some collaborators I know can make more informed, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people in 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the subject of character content?
It's very difficult.
And a part of me wonder what happens if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, perhaps with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point??
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this current thinking stream in relation to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to serve a sex change, which is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that had made a couple of years to give birth twins to then separate them, and so to make his fame.
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation, it was a very risky operation, he replied that in that other country, these kids would be very battered, and so I had to do it.
He said,``Well, have you considered the political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state well.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to finish, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist, and it's that I think there can be different ideas coming out of different anatomic typography, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since years, since I've been interested in internalizing, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, on average, not all, but in average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the slide, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was feminist, as I now made a strange plant.
\" Tell me what's about feminist . ''
And I thought,``It's the stupidest question I've heard.
The feminism has to do with getting gender stereotypes, so there's nothing feminine in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about their question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something feminine in feminist.
That is, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, while the parents were very willing to find a way to protect people from the state, it's possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy: think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect union, we think about what we do for others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to recover how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go live and work, you have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, we're now far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with one city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver it to the world tens, maybe hundreds of cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine the half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were proposed, and that the other half would still fail to do it.
You could try to increase the ability by making the skills in all existing buildings.
But you know the problem that you're facing is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the annoying and the construction distractions.
So it would be very difficult to do all those puzzles.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of energy enough to contain cities and gave them a name: cities under state.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Jansky and October were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 hertz would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras went through a destructive constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pete Lounding is widely deployed with a platform in which we promised reforms and at the same recovery time.
He asked October to be his chief boss.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perception, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies like norms to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevented us to move.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent to October a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said,``Let's push this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Notice, land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under state is a place where it starts with destroyed terrain, a state that specifies the rules that will be applied there and a choice so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our own country.
I asked me to go to Technology and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which includes an image like this, who was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the ones that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 100,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody was clapping corresponds.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader came to the platform and said,``Professor Brown, thank you so much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
I have it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential, that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could be going to be in Honduras, instead of hundreds of miles away north.
And it will also include new options for leaders.
Because the government leaders of Honduras would need aid from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that will help them to establish and make the rules of the status, so that everybody could trust the state effectively.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could take a lot of a thousand square miles.
And soon later, the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to get their constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was 125 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, the backed.
To include in the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
On February 17th, it was approved again in another vote, from 1947 to one . .
Immediately after the voting, from 21 to 24 of February, a decline of about 30 hertz was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the construction of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country in the city building is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in practical mode, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the administrators to come, and then let them operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last instant court for this new justice system.
There are planners and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know they've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately somewhere else.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go to get a job; sometimes they're single mothers that have to win money for just just eating or buying clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet with their parents they haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about inspiring for the families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my heart friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I will make a public confession, and it's that, I live with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, locked, colorful and different and different.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
All my clothing is a second hand of lung markets and second hands.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my garage in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique; and buying becomes my personal search for treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today??
I?
Would I like color?
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I won.
I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does someone have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
Coke inside for exactly a week is all I've put in my garage.
I think it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks by TED in underwear clothes, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, to believe it or not, I learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You almost always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the ensemble, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the hardest I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost dramatically impossible to be bad humor, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just itself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, you also appreciate you.
Wednesday: The child that you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the disguise, or I remind you to your little age of seven years.
I like to smile you and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: The trust is the key.
If you think you're looking good with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day . .
But it wasn't until the 30 years that actually understood its meaning.
And I'll explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, there's no shit you cannot attract.
So there's no excuse for any of this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth, six words for you: the golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a personal style, and only one is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I tried it over and over again when people come up to me this week simply by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little vacuum.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I will donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some certain things.
I don't need to make it emotionally to these things, because around the corner of the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, bright suit waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure every hemisphere's fitness, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these would go through one of these extremes, but I think for most of the stakeholders of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, who just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Right intuition that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says one thing can be only in a place at a time . .
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't born with this notion, the development.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a little kid, and it didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet the playing with that parking bar taught you a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to calm them up, and they're going to stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can get walls, or that they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was found some years ago; you needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But not needed to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particle.
But it didn't fit to my logical part.
Because if everything is made from little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal waste I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit . It's right in the center.
And then we do a good approach to the little metal metal.
What we see is a little bit of metal, with a shame form, and it's going to be supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this kind of shell of swimming clay that's under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm on a elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go out, let those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
Now, the travel of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that blocks it and the wind that happens next and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal waste to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to explore all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We take the lights, then we put a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we put it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being on the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating, and the way I visited was like a breath in this way -- like a service that expands and contracts.
And when you give it a soft soft, we could make it vibrate, and it doesn't vibrate at the same time -- something that's only about quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrating thing and not vibrate at the same time?
Think about atoms.
In one case, all of the trillions of atoms that make that metal piece are still sticking, and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain ways when those are aligned.
In the rest of the time they're discarded.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth closing in a clean room to do this during all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal waste is more or less the same as the difference between that metal.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you too??
I mean, it's my logical part that speaks.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would that be??
How do you act your consciousness if your body was killed in space??
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it up, and we turned the lights, and we looked inside the box, we saw the metal kept there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects on the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just done in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics that it's all interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is American.
And 18 months ago, another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related with museums and art to my boss that is here, and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure it, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories about why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
A great education -- I didn't complain, but I had no access to many of these museums and works of art.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started to do it.
It's better than it shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, just: go to Graphologists.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the Afghanistan gallery, the MoMA, the Stanford, the Richards, the Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, at the Metropolitan, the New York Art Museum.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and, bam, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We opened up the plane up, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
They go forward . They're fun!
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't gotten to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Charles"by Peter Breadwood in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign +.
If the museum shows the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata of metadata.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I will click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the Greek technology.
So this picture, for example, contains, I think, about 10 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``And what do you get with 10,000 billion pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 billion pixels.
It can do it very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to make a difference.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``Wait, this seems interesting . ''
I went up and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I was a little research, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear, which is to hit an ocean with a stick on the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently, it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in depth and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the image, so you'll see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is for coming, a second.
So now we go quickly to jump back again to MoMA in New York.
Here another one of my favorites,``The Sirene night . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
I increase it, and I really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the stranger night ,"I think I never saw it before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There's a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collectors . ''
You all, absolutely all of you, no matter whether you're rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, -- I've created this function that I call``The Power of the August ,"-- we just did a zoom around.
It's about``The ambassadors"in the National Gallery of London.
You can analyze things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you get these teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, it does justice to its artwork, and it's directly represented online.
And the big question that they do today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'll tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that there's happened something very interesting in the careers in France 1 in the last two decades.
It does some time, if you wanted to win a formula of Formula 1, I would take a budget and I put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what, in engineering, will be called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident.
Now what's interesting is that the real time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers at the open air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and affordable.
Cities are big.
As I noticed, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with the cities, it would be big.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Patron Angel for a year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talen Uncle . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and actors.
And that's changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo wrote the Moses, he says that at the end, he took the hammer, and he took it to the Moses -- he can still see a little melody, and he said screaming,``Do you go? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, and I'm going to show you the idea of capturing the environment and access something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer in the back of 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end Zimbabwe gave the head.
And anyway, the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity in the network.
So here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Turkey River.
It's morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the evening, there are people over here, and there by making calls, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
Gulf from France . Gulf from Italy.
Entire; people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of rules.
First extra time; second.
Zimbabwe, and in a moment, the head.
won Italy, yes!
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center to the encounter of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachu where, from the top of the day, people will celebrate; it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have done just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the procedure of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed some small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently more than a year, to tag what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of these ways would throw.
Then we put them a little chip, a label, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results that are made.
Get Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw one day still goes there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague of MIT, Stack Bill, could tell you a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Africa.
It all started with a question of the city mayor, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, the new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that they have a chaos and valves, superconductor valves, lenses that are open and closed.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And by approaching, the curtain will open up so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the mayor Bell.
He liked a lot.
And it was a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it Digital Water Panish.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no windows, no windows, but when you go up, you open up so that you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the saliva, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be somebody, in the winter, when the ceiling, someone who was there and said,``demolished the building . ''
No, it's not that you've demolished it, but when you go down almost all the architecture.
Here it is in work.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to do not start testing the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Facebook came into the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump out not to go down.
( People' noises -- and for us, that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of pixels.
You can play with a different type.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom on, and go up and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Franklin, going down to form a V, like before . .
When you turn the light, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Hole -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the Metropolitan star in New York City and the Millennium School to capture their movements in 3D and use them as input for the Flickr.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's both 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and motion, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flickr.
I wanted to show you the latest project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics in London.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a cloud creature like the grain of grain, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everyone put a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that's happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we moved from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be used to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges: think of climate change or CO2 emissions . How do the digital world happen to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered by pixels.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics of 2012 and even more, and it can use as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can upload, like a new top of London.
You can go in there.
As if it was a new digital background at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anyone who's going to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better ways, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and more confident of themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe it's from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: Creativity) creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see . .
Little . You probably had the number of creative creative people.
That's very good.
How many to choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Ah, most . That makes me feel very good as a doctor.
If you could have something about this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a person here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor about the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED . Keymari, who also communicates in the Red Church Russia, wrote a test called``Nothing in biology makes sense except the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Is it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an extreme, is, of course, the one that interests us most.
We develop from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval there has been perhaps 20 different species of hominids.
Some people have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes??
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indistinguishable, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all take in the more bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damma pose them from the autonomous -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very popular.
And we're going to provide all of the nutrients that you can want without any effort of their part.
It's actually like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But therefore, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future give us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species??
Or destined to become something different, perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inclusive symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one single and unique company, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was the intrinsic part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was growing up college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a university student, I thought, well, sexual, sexual, death for sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I went, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Burns's feelings, who still acted in Las Vegas well in their 90s.
And one night, someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him, it's a wonderful light dancer dancer.
He looks at it, and he says,``I came in search of a``sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"he says George,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted you to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is about spending the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival after generation . .
And from an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like design rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen said when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying . ''
Evolution does not necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the faster and not even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best adapt to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the male bacteria that can survive the heat of the flations that will produce, if there were fish there, fish cooking, yet they've managed to make that a gathering environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we're going to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, to the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first one is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And second, as a species, we have confirmed our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, migrating, we circle, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the technology necessary to happen.
A second possibility is that a traditional kind of evolution is produced by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the guerrillas of evolution are going off, but they're inequality.
And in terms of isolation: when as a species, we collect distant planets, there will be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive possibility, intriguing and terrifying.
I call it negative, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen??
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's called individual and family level.
Think also that if you could be possible to be able to choose not only the sex of its offspring, but in its own body will make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate openness?
Don't you want to make those changes in your genes??
If we look at the future, that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years.
It costs 2.3 billion dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a close cost to the 20,000 and a week.
It won't take a lot to make the human genome really make the human genome by 1,000 dollars and be more and more.
You get those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that not only are going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there's no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against crops in a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's reality today, and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then only two little changes.
Can cells change your bodies, but if you could change your offspring cells?
What if you could change the sperm and the flights, or change the free flag, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the moisture, reducing cancer risk?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease, is going to allow us to also allow a self-definition -- a better memory . .
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jones especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance??
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we're in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have made the evolution of before in the regulation.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and perhaps happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to them.
Are we going to use these options in a better, more successful society?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more versatile?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about everything: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit the wisdom to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making click, click, click.
Claudy, click, click, click . sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the 10th . .
It was the only one I could talk about with flight assistants.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already watched the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three minutes later.
The pilot feeds the plane with the Hudson River.
Mostly that's not the route.
It takes the motors.
Imagine being on an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most passionate words I've heard.
He said,``preparing for impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
As I was thinking about that later, I came a phrase, which is,``collection wine wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I will open it.
I don't want to use anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has actually changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we prevent the George Washington Bridge, who wasn't very much -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a big weigh.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave rise to my ego.
And I took the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people that matter.
And I thought about my wife with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
You feel about wonders.
I'm not trying to be right; Egypt will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, dying doesn't fear . fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in my daughter's act -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And scream, cry, as a little.
And for me, that was all the reason for the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
All of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I became a miracle, not dying that day.
And it became another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live otherwise.
You who are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens to you on your airplane -- and please not -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What do they do, who still wait to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents you can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one I worked in was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
FEMA was one of the most important graffiti in the '80s.
One day he came home after running and said,``Dad, I feel an ant in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TV has total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so, obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and reunited with his brother and father and said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, not that I've seen Stephen Hawking, isn't all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're somebody important and you have a very good insurance, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Does anyone see the movie``The Syrian and the butterfly? ''
They communicate that way -- they're moving with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover.
I engaged with his brother and his father there at that precise moment,``Well, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside can't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GG Research, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface, and then, with a laser pointer, draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a year later, after a lot of organization, and a lot to move things on one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDx could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking's.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing . I call it God because I'm talking to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and me, we moved into the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and developers and aliens took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something totally stupid, and that when we went back, they had taken the squares out of the walls and in their place would have graffiti.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the Mars's Mars country, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Emily, and you can see the description.
They're a couple of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the Vancouver Beach Valley, some of the copper wire and things from Homer Department and Radio Stan.
We took a PM camera, we opened it up, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself; we published the free code, the software goes down in free form.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDGlobal room.
I love this picture because this is the other person's room, and that's their room.
There was all this bubble and August during the big opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see . .
And we put a project on a wall of the parking park of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they will imagine what the feeling was in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to dive in parking, so we felt like we were releasing graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water and somebody finally came to rescue me and get out there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to travel with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a PalmPilot.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were like,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I end up close to the circle of this year at the GPS Gulf in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called``Art in The streets . ''
And``Art in the streets ,"it's going to have the best exposure of urban art Bangladesh, Shanghai Faire, CEOs all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show which is quite impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- stage, computer, microphone, Circle nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology; I just acknowledged something and I was associated with wonderful people so I could make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something we feel like to do . If it's not now, when?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years keeping me in general situations, and at the same time a lot of dangerous.
I went to prison -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
It filmed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at the beginning, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been being immersed in horrible appearance situations with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that make attractive, interesting ways, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that they look internal and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands, and the pattern wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago I took an airplane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some in Twitter, offered the rights of the name of my 2011 TEDTalk.
What had been the following thing:``The U.S.) Now I present: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about, and it's about content to exploit in the face, especially if you put it in ridicule to you or your company . ''
But he said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a progress title, by the way.
So even with that salvation knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell them a year ago.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've gotten in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be me ready, nothing could anticipate me, for something as hard or as dangerous as going into the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Superate: I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with product collection, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call the biggest movie ever sold.
What happens in``The largest movie ever sold"is that everything from the bottom, of principle at the end, has brand images, all the time -- from the superconductor that comes before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Calaby Studio, the Stace Center.
These people are going to be associated in the peripheral film -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael KS: It's redundant.
I'm a red fish.
It was``Personal ."It's forever.
But we're not just going to have the sponsor of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure to grab all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most great shoe you've used.
The most great car you've been driving in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best record you've been drinking, cut from``The largest movie ever sold . ''
Jack Khan: So the idea is then in addition to show brands as part of life, make them finance the film? (MS: And we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, of principle at the end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Girl: However, I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
RG: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money does it make to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DC: All right.
RG: Who knows, perhaps for the moment that the movie comes out, we see as a bunch of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rudish: Most responses will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Okay .) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge . When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn the camera.
MS: I thought,``Follow the camera"means we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn the camera,``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And so, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising, it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, making so many people to see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media is not the idea to tell that new vehicle of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a brown mistake, and that mistake was this.
No, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transportation images, you're in Google, this is one of the first images that come out.
I like you to steal, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seeing, easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or acceleration of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the largest problem . .
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians are name, the president, the name, including the CEOs.
But all of a sudden when it comes to making something happen sudden.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still continues.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
You'll eat a whole bowl of Cookie White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story and they said,``No, we want you to tell you a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as I used to say,``Son, there's three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that's just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiriban from many years I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the inside and go to business myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and others who make small, independent films, like mine . .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant, say that the reason their movies have so much success is to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant films of Hollywood? ''
And the movie is called the biggest movie ever sold.
How are we going to see banana specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going out, every time I opened my button, you'll see the Bang disease.
At any time during an interview with somebody can say,``Are you okay for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you get married.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there I offer you one of these fabulous arms.
So,``Floride Forest"as``Park winds"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for men like women, solid, to Ebola, in mud, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer their questions and give them a permanent look.
Karl Frank: We're a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies you told; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So, do things like this, you know, remember banking to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would they use to describe Bina??
Bina is in white.
KA: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh.
I think that``cool"is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus``combat, smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do you keep you cold longer? With better fresh, more fresh, three times more fresh.
Things like those who highlight the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-toice company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand??
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'm going to revive the 1980s, pain pants unless it's a laundry day.
MS: Okay, what is the George brand?
George: Something unique . (MS: unique .) Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, a lot of grey and things like that.
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic convergence ,"Mergens Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand that I am, I would call it the casual flight . ''
Woman 2: In a hippie part, in a paper part, in part, Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
So I see toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand . .
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I deliver the marketing.
Man 5: March brands failed.
Is that something?
lawyer: I am a lawyer . I . I.
Tom: I am Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often marry it at the intersection of dark glory, and a casual flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olympic Zambia in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nepal, February, Cambridge to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Grandmother: The photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people model my way of seeing the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated and start in a place, and in my case, it originated and start in my family, West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is the best day of my life.
A: How do you relate this with your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like the different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why . ''
What's the math? What's the piece of paper you find now?
Why is it important? What does the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, that's not who you are.
What other players have had?
Don't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you?
MS: Oh, yeah . (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great job) A: Yeah . (MS: Thank you very well .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all of this.
LP: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality -- the Morgan Survey brand is a constant brand.
They're very good now.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's the human nature to avoid the things that are not sure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually do it, and you get something positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are you?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can also see here to Target, Wii, Mini from Mini Cooper and Vietnam.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a conscious brand is something pretty powerful.
MS: A decentralized brand . What's your brand?? What's your brand??] What's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would it be?
Are you a distant attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather an independent attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative??
Now, disgusting attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary, adventure, administration or audacious like Eric Florida, fast or agile, profane, dominant or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than descending attributes?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 700?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protection, you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, family, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplative or wisdom, like the Dalai Lama or God??
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, representatives and descendants, who said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
It allowed us to tell the story of the neurogenesis, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as a movie . .
We went to San Paulo where they banned the advertising to the air.
Throughout the city over the last five years there are no valleys, there are no posters, there's no flying, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing the way in schools with the problems in the United States.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've had more successful are those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took out the intermediary, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, who will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you go? Do you succeed??
Well, since the movie broke in the Sentional Festival, let's look at a look.
According to Burnhake, the movie is stressful, and since then -- and this is not all 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in stranger.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk about, they serve their clients not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, it's pushing them into failure.
I think when you train their employees in the risk, the risk is preparing all of their company to get rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to advance is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities they can scare them.
Ultimately, to move, I think we need to give it place.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear . We open the risk.
From a spoon at once, we have to embrace risk.
And in definition, we need to join transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk,``Open transparency"has been presented by my good IBM friends who by $7,000 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EDI: To convert big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
EDI says``Let's embrace transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in name of transparency, that happened exactly with those $7,100?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a chip at the name of the TED matrix organization, the Splashy Foundation, a $7,000 check to be applied to my TED assistance of the next year.
Now, the idea behind the World Computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the prevalence plant of Uganda in Nairobi.
The gray boxes you see are real time control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to build this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Transition.
We started with a Windows install.
The eye enters the gray box, damage the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is dead; it's a lot of fun mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started to research about Transition six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the installation used multiple dancing vulnerabilities.
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Transition and we saw what happened with this.
So it happened very strange things.
Stuxnet was behaving as a lab of lab that he didn't like our cheese: he smelled it, but he didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after I experienced with different cheese tastes, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely targeted . ''
The installation is looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If no, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we will discover the target soon.
So we extracted and we deploy the attack code, and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
You know all the points why you attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stephen's install is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here's a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old sub-signing language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the function of the system, because we know what they do.
We then look for temperature and data structures, and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential of the real world.
We need theories about designers that we could approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent blood, it must be a valuable white, and it's certainly located in Iran, because that's where most of the infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically comes down to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the Navado Amendment plant.
So I told my assistant,``Train a list of all the experts in Congress and energy plants between our clients . ''
He called them and he made them in an effort to control their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the theft.
The robot is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you handle the speed of this robot, you certainly can break it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and destroy in an effort to return crazy to maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital ecology looking very closely to the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 747 is in that code, you can't be organized.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centrifuge are built in Nairobi and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 46 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These conflicts in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code?
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So it's not like that.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in candidates, and we had to go back.
Yet, we found that the both digital eyes were on a single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall, and by making the robots and raising them, and the big oxytocin communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Nazi, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are achieved by Transition.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, pressure sensors and violence sensors and provide legitimate code, which still executive during the attack, with false input data.
And, Believe or not, these fake entry data are presented by Transition.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security chamber is fed out of preventable video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to fix the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to block a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines go out of speed, you have to open up employees in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can exploit.
And no operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium engineering.
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as a attacker -- that will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Tibet.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to disseminate it.
disseminate it as possible.
And if you did that, what you'll end is with a massive destruction cyber.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has gotten public in many sides that people assume that the Mola is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lankel: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My opinion is that the Museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one alone, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for managing . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and it's going to be able to give users, or another one that makes users out of wheelchair, get up and walk back.
In``Berkeley Bionics"we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're not different from something that's put in the morning, gives you a big force, which also increases your speed, and you help it, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other outside things.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take on its back a 45-year-old charge, and it's being demanded to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hollywood -- the universal Human Court.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton, I can run 90 pounds by variable terrain for many hours.
Your flexible design, allows you to put in and you're going to be able to go in and execute movements with great agility.
perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
SH: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back now to the users of wheelchair, about what I feel particularly passionate.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair, around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the spinal column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that gets multiplied, rapidly.
His only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their successful apartment, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the ALS that is using Amanda Boston who was 19 years ago in the spinal column, and as a result, he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boston: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals into the onboard computer, here on the back . .
There are also a few batteries that give the motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it forward with this soft and very natural income.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, skiing down the bottom.
In a fraction of second, I lost everything and all the motion of the pelvis down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my self.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to slow down down on the street, climb rocks and even ride in a hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only from soldiers, but Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is something serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the British Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, a evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much inequality in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large kinds, terrifying, banking society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortality is still not observed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the Taliban itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been filtered by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
No wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
Career meat and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them like the``Do the love, not war ,"because they have frequent sex, programmed and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity, because the life of bonobos is more than the Holy Amazon . .
Bonobos, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a child game.
And for us, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity diversity, behavioral diversity, connections of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots itself of laughter, dance and human ritual.
Play is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos that are newly taken from the wild.
First, it's a blood ball game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a character.
Look what it is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase,``He's got it from the balls . ''
I just think that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual play is common in Bonobos as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun thing.
But play is political.
The game is political, it can adopt many forms, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is reduced.
And I want you to see -- this is Africa, a young female, who's playing with water quietly.
I think, like she, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual sign of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that the Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a greater and more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our journey of adaptation.
To adapt to a successful world, we have to play.
But will we leverage our game capacity?
Play is not forecast.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and wasted.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, it can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So, primates of primates, we accept this gift of evolution, and we play together as we understand creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I'm fighting fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer body.
And in our city, where volunteers are going to be highly skilled, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But still there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was stripped in a conversation with the proposition that certainly pulls one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the last night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, blessing, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got before I was, let me call him the Louis Luther came to the captain, and he asked him to go and save the dog's dog.
The dog! I was clean.
So there was a lawyer or a money management that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I entered a building building to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next.
The captain made me a senior.
He said,``Bezos, I need to go home.
I need to go up, turn the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I put the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the actual firemen, and that was the kind of more or less, they had finished to turn the fire and go into the main room in search for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the ladder where I met my numbers and the precious dog in the main door.
We took out of the house the treasures for the house of home where, as it was to wait, his treasure got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the house of home grateful by the courageous effort shown to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at was that somebody had reached a pair of shoes.
So much in my vocation in Robin Hood, as in my vocation as a volunteer firefighter, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from the acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're to achieve, remarkable levels of success would like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, let it now.
They serve food in a dining dining room.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So they enter the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I am a great admire of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1878 with a very simple idea: cement modules from a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at the same time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LIGO, this happened.
He was called automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, LGBT bricks came to all the homes.
It's estimated that they've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the block of concrete, the family in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell Labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of static bricks that were stacked about each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows us to create much greater and more complex circuits, a brick at the same time.
But there's a main difference: the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing libraries.
Let me show you how they work.
Licklider are electronic modules each with specific function.
They're predictive to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they're joined by magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
bricks have a code of colors.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green, and very quickly you can start making higher circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulators.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have a light.
We add this doorbell to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, libraries are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and sugar, librarians allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make you blink faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower . .
The idea behind librarians is that it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world are reduced to brick bricks to use.
Lucas, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given libraries to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light at night works, or why the door of an elevator stays open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken libraries to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any electronic experience start playing with librarians like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and fever, we have Georgia creating ...
( Clicks sound) ago we took Libraria to the designers of Rhode Island School Design School, who don't have any experience in engineering, just on cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a commercial cannon cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a polar lab that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, libraries became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the grasp of all.
For that, literature has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is our.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for involved with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue the video on one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, do you take the time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they are supposed to stop; we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Africa for America, and it would be like a piece of Peace Peace.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild world wild.
They made great applications; they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Allah.
This is a hydrocardon of Boston City.
So here's as if it's going to look for a quote, but what you really look for is somebody clean it when you're trapped by snow because you know it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a subway meter.
How did it get to ask help in this such singular way??
Last year in Boston, we had a West American members team.
They were there in February, and at that time, a lot last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrocarbons.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else: that citizens cleaned with sticks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept clean when you snow.
And when you do it, you put a name, in this case, I put it in this case.
If you don't do it, someone can steal.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology of government does.
And it spreads viral.
A responsible for the city of Honor in the city of the city by seeing this application realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to embrace tsunami signals.
It's very important to work these tsunami signals, but people are stealing the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens go away.
And Chicago just launched it to make people registered to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know this doesn't happen normally.
So software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that if I had done it for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the Western power of California that until the moment has taken 2,000 billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
That's why an app that's programmed in a couple days and spreading in viral form is a kind of a stream of warning to the institution of the government.
It suggests the best ways of working, not as private companies, as a lot of people think it should be . .
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way we address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an anonymous institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Cook for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic apps every day in their own communities.
They haven't given up with government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at the DMV, and all those other things that get us crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Vietnam:``What we do together, because we can't . ''
Now, many people have left the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recover it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; government does.
And given that the world's last annual rule of us -- remember that from``We, the people ,"the way to think about it will affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was able to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is about everything, especially.
This is the center of temple phone care and information.
It's the place that serves the calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott took this call.
entry``Zapan"in the office of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, you can open the doors of the house, put a strong music and see if it goes? ''
And it works . So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the origins.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile, called Capitals Connection.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people at the Office of New York Medical mechanics.
One day, this really happened, and this was,``Zero in my garbage bucket . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it out? ''
Cicch-species dynamics is different.
Scott was talking about people.
In Capital Connery, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zapan? Yes . Am I alive? Yes.
I went back home . I went home.
Good night, flag grass . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of governance as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the definition of technology.
I talk about a platform so that people get married and help others.
So, one citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being needed, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we share communities.
If we call control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but I think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps us that makes us that we finance as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and we are losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Stanford movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of citizens worried that they've written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the order of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those that we have rescued to the government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we'll get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't predict government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that technology is possible to rethink the function of governance so that it can expand by strengthening civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act, and you only have to articulate systems in the right way.
Our members of the age of our members is 28 years old, so I was a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face who's going to talk about; they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at any time and they do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot to hear your voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program apps that make the government work better.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrant, removing weeds, taking a garbage cube that has a graph inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrocarbons and a lot of people.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not just consumers, we are not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services.
We're more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd crowd, or will we be a hundred hand crowd?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and in death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here have impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is incredibly important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach feelings, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it's if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my job . .
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in everything in the family.
She started many of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1880.
She was born over 1880 and his experience with slavery, the way he looked at the world.
She was hard, but he was also loving.
When I was a little bit, and I looked at it, she was approaching me, and he gave me a good hug.
I was so sorry that I could barely breathe, and then I was shocked.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I came back and said,``Brian, do you still feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I was bored again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, he wasn't easy to capture his time and her attention . .
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
And so I looked at it and he smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she got up, attracted the room, took me in my hand and said,``You see Brian . We're two we're going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said,``Brian, you'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``Now, let's not do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, and he said,``I want you to know I've been watching you . ''
And I said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want."''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mom . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my daughter, and you have to promise you will always take care of it . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want you to do is you're always going to do the right thing, even though the right thing is . ''
I thought about it, and I said,``Yes, Mom . So I'll do it . ''
Then he finally said,``The third thing I want you to do is you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a brother a year and a younger year, a younger year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beers, I don't know where I took them, I grabbed my sister and me and went for the forest.
We're just doing the usual ones.
He took a pint of beer, offered him to my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . Okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . Today, you do it . And you always do the same thing as you . .
I've taken something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
And I took my gaze with force, and I said,``Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was laughing.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread widely.
But I'm 52 years old and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue; I say it by the power of identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to other people who really don't feel meaning.
We can't get to do things that don't think could do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been biased during ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, had to commit us.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in central freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so challenging, so despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black books between 18 and 30 is in prison or in the parole.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young color young people are in jail or in the conditional freedom.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that's much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, but it's wealth.
And we seem to feel very quiet.
The politics of fear, and the shape makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting to me.
We're looking at our work, some good development development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you get rid of rights forever if you have a criminal connection.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it to the next 10 years, the level of rights loss will be as elevated as it was before they would pass the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where they're sentenced to 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to come out.
Right now we're in a process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In a sense, we've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the crime?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the committed crimes, but if we deserve killing.
This is interesting.
Death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, they've identified one that is innocent that is innocent and liberated from death . .
A mistake rate, amazing -- an innocent in nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it will never be allowed to pilot airplanes if every nine you would pick up, you would be stressed.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and of this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I'm talking about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction, and that lasted until World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linked.
You're worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people coming up to me and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you say,``Mr. Stevenson, make speeches . Tell people to stop saying that in our history, we had the first time with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . I say we grew with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us to talk about race . I think it's because we're not willing to commit with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, before the genocide had this engagement, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's okay to listen to what you say . ''
He said,``We have no death penalty in Germany.
We naturally never can have it here . ''
The room stayed in silence and a lady said,``There's no way that with our story, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we were going to run people . ''
Think about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to run people, especially if they were in their majority Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we actually don't worry about these very difficult issues, positive things and wonderful are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are engaged by suffering, abuse, degradation, manufacturing.
In my opinion, it's necessary to integrate both things.
We're talking lately about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the owners, the ones who will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's within our self . .
It's true that we have to believe in issues we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not only about brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also for heart convictions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not just the bright and unintended, but it's also dark and hard.
Vappen Hamburg, the great Chinese leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering, we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in places of despair and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There's no disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts have a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them back.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just meeting just to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Carrillo called me, to say,``Brian, the Park Park comes . We're going to meet to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Yes ma'am . I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what will you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listening . ''
And so I went and I just heard them.
It was something very nice, very light.
And at an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Park was headed to me and said,``Now, Brian, I mean it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been doomed unfairly.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end with the sentencing for life, without parole freedom for children.
We tried to do something about death penalty.
We tried to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end the massive incarceration . ''
I gave him all my best speech, and he looked at me and he said,``Hmm female Hmm . ''
And I said,``You'll be finished, very exhausted . ''
At that time, Ms. Carrie leaned up, put his finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I believe that the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and to believe that every one of us is superior to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a thief.
Even if someone kills another, it's not a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think although it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very light, very stimulating, will not be judged by our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end, it will judge the character of a society, not the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but the way they treat poor, convicted, prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound topics about what we are . .
I'm in occasion . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I'm tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been interested with a lot of joy.
I'm going to jail and I see my clients from 13 and 14, who have been stored so that they're judged as adults . adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge become something that is not?
The judge was held as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake thinking -- God, if the judge can become something you're not, you should have magic powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask something about that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a model.
I had a 14-year-old client, a little, poor, black.
I started working on the model, with a puzzle that said,``Model so that my 14-year-old black client is treated as a 35-year-old privilege, executive of a corporation . ''
In the model, I put there had been a behavior in the accusation, in the police behavior and in the process.
There was a line that was drawn on how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that kind of money would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it stolen it, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided --``Oh God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case . ''
I got up to the car and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car car.
I thought this would be very difficult and very much.
I finally got out of the car . I walked to judge.
I was coming up the stairs when I found a bigger black man; it was the recovery of judgment.
When he saw me, he approached me and he said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you a lawyer?"I said yes.
So I came up and hug me.
And it whispered me in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I've got to tell you now that that was ridiculous.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision vision.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When you go, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you write this slime model? ''
I said,``Yes Mr. I was me ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy madness.
The police prosecutors arrived in the attacks.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and all of them rose because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the rabbi of the eye, I was looking at the consensus I went and came.
He looked around the window, and he was hearing all that shout.
I kept walking for here and for there.
Finally, this old black, with the concern face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge declared a recession.
And during the rest of a man's assistant, it showed up because the consumption had entered the room.
The guy was switched on the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the target target . ''
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds to justice.
We can't really be truly human, if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is attached to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity should be linked to the French, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see a video desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
It's not a check . What can we do?
BF: There are several nearby opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reflection this spring in which you will make an effort to restore the funds that are spending today in politics of punishment.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death row, in the next five years . A billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide do not include in arrests.
56 percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This disagreement is going to propose that these funds are being destroyed to make the law fulfill, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in creativity in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the largest rate of incarceration.
What would you tell you to do that?
BF: Actually, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growing growth in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase is happening in the circular population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric rhetoric.
We have three legal causes to bring people in particular chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've moved to us today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: The threats of bin Laden died.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . Audience 3: The police runs O.C . spray.
Voice 4: wasted letters . Voice 5: Morgan markets.
Voice 6: social decision . Voice 7 : 65 dead.
Voice 8: Talking warning . Voice 9: Charliers.
Narrator: War to the estrogen . massive destruction . tornado.
Remember . Bang . End play . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disasters.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months . You could barely be in the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In each day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters us more than survival, the first stop of all that data is an old excerpt of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
So order and record all the information looking for something in the environment I could make us harm.
That's why a dozen stories we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old adage of the press,``If there's blood, sold ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes from bad in worse.
But maybe it doesn't.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we get distortion.
Perhaps the enormous progress made in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we certainly have them.
As human beings, we are very good at preventing problems, and in the long, we end up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled, the average income per capita per capita has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in the history of humanity.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put higher and taller expectations.
In fact, we redefined poverty meaning.
Think about it today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile air, conditioning and cars.
The barrel magnets of the last century, the empires of the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
Taking a lot of this is technology, and lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in technology technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the performance performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the cellphone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in decline, depression and booming.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And although it's free in a law on the left, it's curved up.
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster.
And in this curve, as opposed to Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computing in the cloud, which my friends from Autodesk call infinite, sensors and networks, the robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, national and A.I . and the artificial medicine, the national medicine.
I mean, how many did you see the victory in Beijing from Watson? IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I would have.
And I loved this:``Watson beat the human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available to everybody in the mobile . .
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Songraph University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can actually affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every single person on the planet; it's about creating a life of what it could . .
It's about taking that, which is scarce and getting it plentiful.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon III in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the Sam king.
Napoleon troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But Sam of Sam, he ate with aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and plastic.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon.
But then it came through the electron and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was discarded.
We project this analogy to the future.
Think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 transitions of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about acceleration.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation per diet : 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy is 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents the kilometer per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have plenty of energy, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars by water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager Space spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
It took a famous picture . How did it call??
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live in a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes , 96 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nationalism.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the light -- I'd like to share with you, it gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Scottish -- maybe you know it is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate 1,000 gallons of drinking water the day of any empty source, water, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed that it will do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a full confidence that I'm going to be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation by this technology today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile penetration in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted ever.
It's better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars GDP, video, images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostic technology now gets discarded and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when you fix health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Cambridge Foundation, which called the X Cambodia Crance , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has AI, you can pull, you can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the load of morality is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize, call the health care, and first of all, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds have never heard before the global conversation.
What do these people want??
What do you consume? What do you want?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of trillion dollars in the global economy.
And they will be more health thanks to the triumph of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D impressions and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated healthy and productive??
What about a few voices never before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What will these three billion?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict??
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only do the big corporations and governments.
I'm going to finish a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some you know.
It's called Foldit.
I came up at the University of Washington in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this university professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and start playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the great challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the light innovation.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will be taken to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have some extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the driving point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1859.
You might think it's pieces, but it didn't.
You actually pick fish.
And I described one of them as very cool.
It was the term.
I fished a lot to the 1980s.
Now the fish is in the Red List of UCLA.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the deployment of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palm, and as you can see, of a few mangroves.
There were telescopes of about 20 centimeters, the black beard thylacine.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good time, so it was made more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had halved half.
They Maui at five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish still were happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the coach fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in 1960 Europe, made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was to impose the countries that already have 100,000 fishermen, to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Museum 4 . .
I went out to fishing in it, and we did studies in the South Sea Sea of China and, especially in the Caribbean Sea.
What we captured was an outrageous thing.
We captured, now I know, the sea fund.
Ninety percent of what we capture were sponges, other animals that are in the background.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about a few remains, remains that are fish of coral reef.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the cover, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The fund comes from being a solid coral background, in this case, to be a legal . .
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They were discarded because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowned.
They wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what's collected every time you go to an area where you have never fished.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the front point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
In the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, amount of cold, the sea of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracted it forward.
The difference is that you perceive loss.
But don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the emergence of changes.
And in the end, it's going to keep a lot of different remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before you get extinct, is little frequent.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fishermen.
Over time, there are a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this??
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in a way before it's not the way they expect to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people present, like it captures such as, and I looked at a lot of fish in this area, cannot use, or usually they don't use fishing scientists, because it's not``scientist . ''
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in inspiring societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there, the huge role that you can fulfill a protected marine area.
Because with the marine areas protected, we actually recreated the past.
We take the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has run and it's incredibly low.
That's for people who can see a marine marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that they provide, which allows them to erase their party point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Midwest, for example?
I think that the arts and the cinema can maybe fill the vacuum . simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago there were gray whales on the Bay Bay , 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that nuances and donations are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about what people got in the movie, I'm going to talk about the story of Columbus why to move with images?
Because, in a sense, it's lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, to do``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I am Kevin Albert, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos make viral and how important it has.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed something very, very difficult.
But today, the website makes any of us, or our actions, copper news in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a saint.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, only a little percentage gets viral, it gets a vision of vision and winning cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: creatives of trends, participation communities and surprise factors.
Well, let's start.
Beatrice Vasilian: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh, wow.
KA: Last year, Beatrice Velberton published this video film outside his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity of the past summer.
Beatrice was not preparing to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called YouTube Mountain Beach.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimbark.
Jimmy Kimbark published this tweet that would take the video to popularity.
The creators of trends like Jimmy Kimbark present us, new and interesting things to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday.
\" Friday"by Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Just like``rainbow rainbow ,"this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took them Stoppers and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from MIT Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter . Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trend creators embrace a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 dollars from``Friday"in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the scientific entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon, by spreading it or doing something new with that . .
\" Neighborg Catholic"is an accelerated animation with a straight music.
That's what it is.
This year they saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet cellular community.
There was remix.
Somebody made an old version.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, a whole community community came out of it that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we all can be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this??
Who could have predicted``Army rainbow"or Redwood Black or``Nancy Cat?"?
What did the script have been written to have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to do this great video of a guy who protest against cyclists to cyclists in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nike: I was beaten by not circular for the bike, but often there are obstacles that prevented you right through the bike.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey West got five million people to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beatrice Vasilian: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
Transportation creators, creative communities of participation, completely unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, a new culture, which we all have access to, and it's the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the world's current celebrities, Justin Bieber, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's just the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not an finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still running.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique unit of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the communities come into sanitation, facing the fact that their life was totally in vain.
The words, for so many friends, now books.
It was refugee in silence.
He died by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that be in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to take us, but we used it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when it's going down quietly into the sea.
My mother, Maine, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a conflict and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years old that challenges fiction, a boat went down to the sea sea of fishing.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a jar with poison.
If we were caught, first we would take it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, it's going to take it up in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate pilots that came several times, but they were fooled with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not being able to run for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, fund the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same taste.
After three months, in a refugee camp, we were deployed in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Ford, a class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew in Ford, I hadn't felt the right.
The smells that come from the shops were from the rest of the world.
And the free English fragments were exchanged between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get an IT degree.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutoring in English and mathematics, no matter what they should take away, which was generally a new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankles, because I had to last six years.
And there were rare and painful singing and paralyzed eyes, and some graffiti:``Asian, go home . ''
At home, where?
Something in me is wrong.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to overcome them . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we were talking about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home.
My mother suffered nightmares, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, and then he studied to be an expert and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, angry and infrancing, and translated kids in between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors.
And they were created centers.
He lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, involved with what I was doing from myself.
In the other, I was buried in preconceived lives, traditionally supported by violence, the abuse of drugs and isolation.
But many got help over the years.
And because of that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian of the year.
And I was married from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit.
So, I read,``The American resident of Food ,"it was now so recently refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites I had never heard of, and at home whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to remind the routine and the comfort of life in a suburban substance -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for nearly 20 years, counting on each one of each and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had the same age that she had when she got up to the boat.
The``no"had never been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``And you don't be anything . ''
So I talked about juvenile and education and desertification to the marginalized and desperate.
And the more it was talking, the more it was used to talk.
I met people from all walks in life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of possible.
And although I ended up my bachelor, I realized that I couldn't stay in a room.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that you're grateful about, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because it can easily mean to harvest the horizons, it can easily mean to accept the prisoners of your province.
I gave all the steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world goes down, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to be allowed, tremendously.
There was an energy there, an implanted optimism, a rare mixture of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
I put a little group of people for who the slogan``can't do"was a irregular challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, it made a giant smell of soup that we all shared.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After one trip.
My hunch again.
Three months later, I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Conflicters was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, it became a management of a Mandarin whose mother hit it.
No support of its husband, caused a retirement by measuring it and taking the cause of herself, and much more created when it won.
He can't make it wrong to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 100,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the mask of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to be fired.
My mother called minutes later.
Day later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Ford and sat around his casket.
We told him stories, and we made sure we were still with her.
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"said.
\" You have not been beaten . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had easily agreed.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that to you?
However, I'm afraid of the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a promise in your lives, you're looking at brave in every wave, the constant rate of motor, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you, I would do it.
Transition Neiltahore, and also the mother of so much is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the strip sky, with the Sufi singer Mountain Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the old Indian epidemic``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians wanted to travel out a car, we went into the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Arduino, the big Indian warrior prince, he had thirst, he took an arc, and with a flow on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with drill and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't shake my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket silver clock.
And this 50 year-old technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a gate door to a world full of images, of pirate and barriers in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks, and cameras prevent that we are.
They face our inspiration.
That's why I was launched, I went to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It's threatened books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narrator becomes increasingly multi-polar.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kyoto, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so, he says,``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In several moments, I got a letter -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl gets excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that childhood magic, to those ideas that we opened out of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always turned out to me.
So, over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, light your way into what the book remains.
Another idea that fascinated me as a girl was that a whole galaxy is in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I throw into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, flower and guides you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals.
I'm going to come in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary.
These are the shortcopies.
We've all heard about the fairies and the numbers, but how many people out of India know their Indian counterparts, would you take them?
These poor people have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that tries today as the environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked, pasted to their PCs, haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had lots of collections: clubs, stones, guitar and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox today . ''
A child in India says,``Today I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking.
Inside of the connections between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book we've been able to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video, and you actually increase a group of animated diseases that appear on the inner plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and put it to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world in which the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic, and technology comes to each other.
We leverage the energy.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic, joy and child love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of failure projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to distinguish a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she adds a little coffee cup or tea, and I asked patients and family and known,``What happens? ''
How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or perhaps not all, but most of the U.S. projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi bicycle . It's very simple.
It's got a little bit of a party.
Every morning, I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to reach 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect, I send my information to Google Health.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that I need a carbon assistance or some urgency of that style, but to look back.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect my Wi-Fi bicycle and before I climb my car, people start to talk to me: Lucas, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together to develop some responsive activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little brutality connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will recover control and to be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us to help care of health because of the challenges that we face, as the cost of the costs of medicine care, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but also by crowdsourcing.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM ATM are.
And also where all the volunteers are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest AIDS to help this patient??
We asked, but nobody knew.
No one knew where to get AIDS lives in this moment.
So what we did was we did the crowd in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say,``If you see a AIDS, please send them, tell where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Len, augmented reality, to find these AIDS.
And every time they're in the city of Martin and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks to use their Microsoft cell to find the nearest AIDS, what can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this, not just like DNA 4, which is the name of the product, but also like UCLA.
And we would want to start in the world level.
We are consuming all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the AIDS hyperbolic worldwide.
Every time you're on vacation and someone collapses, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these AIDS.
They could be messaging services or telephone people, for example, to see if the AIDS that's shown is still in its place.
Please forget in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it a photograph?
Because, of course, it's photographs that you can't take with your cameras.
My interest for photography was waking up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
I mix with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little different because I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the lung.
For me, photography had more than to be in the right place, at the time.
I felt like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the lung.
Photos like this: a construction in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say realistics I say photographs.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to have been caught in some way as a photograph.
Folds where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more than to take an idea than to capture a moment.
But what's the trick that makes them seem real??
Are the details or the colors?
Is light?
What does illusion create?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about how we interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagination objects, which we all can relate to with the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional; as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really has to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic, I think, are those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules to follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos should have the same perspective.
Second, combined photos should have the same kind of light.
And these two images meet these requirements; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is built.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this picture is totally composed by photographs of different places.
I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pit.
And yes, I even did red the house of the top of the island so that it seems more Sweden.
So, to achieve a realistic outcome, I think it makes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here each piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
If you can put it ...
It's a diagram who took from a folder mine.
I'm not interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of LGBT microprocessors versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like many others we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
talking about technology with self-relative curves is a novel thing.
Here's something strange happens.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we record technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if I would draw them in a normal curve where, let's say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to shout, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like that.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a self-organizing curve would be very dumb, you would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it's a qualitative change.
If the technology technology will advance as fast as the microprocessors, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go forward to that pace.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a committed growth that every few years advanced magnitude orders.
The question I want to talk about is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't keep forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve S like this until it comes up to something completely different, or maybe do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like that.
So, of course, we will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask, is, what is that new way that adopted the world?
What new state is around the world?
Transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember the future of the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
There's a transformation . We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything is so different that it would extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computing.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So, we went back about four billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals floating around.
If we see the way those chemicals are organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it's that, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so forth.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet.
But those blobs were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them has a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time you divide a distribution of the chemicals that you have.
So every gorilla was a little different.
In fact, the blobs somehow differ to be better at the time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals, they grow more, they put more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way we don't understand these guys, they learned how to store information.
They learned how to build information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they elaborate in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since four billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide the security security people.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and I amplified it 10 at 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot of for the present -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a flower, I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming the communities of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community would replicate more and they were dominated by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have lots of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart cell, or of the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and they produced more interesting levels than the cell cell, something we call an organism.
The next level happened inside these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible structures to record, understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them a evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time period.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because he knew wrong and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism given that before they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for death of individuals.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now occur to an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head . .
I'm here sitting here emitting a few groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that I had some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated about it in sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions.
Now we went through similar periods to the multicellular organisms; we abstract our record methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CO2, etc, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that reminds us in something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
They already saw the evolutionary example of the theory in which it produced a certain evolution with the Renaissance program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story I told you about took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, language etc., less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process gets together; I guess authenticity is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we're looking at in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process gets together.
But I get my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I employ to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor does in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of The Tailing Machine, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine, and the machine with that does something that you couldn't be able to, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine a evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please can run a hundred million sequences of instructions at random?
You could run these sequences of instructions at random, to execute all those programs, and take those who are more drawn to what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So, we found the programs that are more close to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, they order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could get two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take the 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task?? ''
We're looking at those and we eliminated the rest.
And now we play the ones that are best ordered.
And we're going to play it back to a process of an analog relationship process . ''
We take two programs, which will include children, who exchange substance, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products of programs of programs that had a little more successful.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
Calling up again.
He introduced some mutations.
And I try and try to do with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how it works.
They're dark, weird programs.
But it turns out the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on making it.
I was once in a 747 with Marshall Minister and he pulled a card and he says,``Look at this.
He says,``This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight ."Doesn't it make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to do very different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering produces.
However, we don't understand all the choices there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it's feedback.
Things go faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies get together.
We're pushing.
And we're at an analogous moment to the universal organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoeba, and we can't understand what we are creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part to think that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever is coming.
But now comes the lunch, and I think stop here before I get excited.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I have exercise enough time to allow me to get part of my fake biases on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
baseball is full of surprising statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to go out,``Break the rules"-- talks about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a battery that draws 300.
That means that the bat bloggers effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball to the game field without being trapped, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, it doesn't come in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts from 10.
You know how they call a $300 battery in the Great League??
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a $400 baseball bat?
By the way, that's somebody from 10 hits, it's four . .
Leonardo -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last play of the largest League League player to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose that they have anybody's fans, and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in discrete.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place, and a loved self has two abstract coronary arteries, and their family doctor brought it to a cardiologist whose anti-pollinator record is 200.
But, you know something?
She's better improving this year.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think that should be the average act of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon, or a nurse or a childhood hurdle?
A thousand, very good.
And the truth of the matter is that no one in medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, of a doctor or a dopamine.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I'm involved with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, they make a mistake and worry of figuring out how to do it right.
That was the message that would absorb when I was in medicine school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a company in high school said that Brian Golden was studying to a blood test.
That's what.
I studied in my little disadvantage, in the General hospital nurse of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything about memory.
From my class of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the stream, the very frequent, frequent difference.
And I even knew the digital diagnosis about how to classify the kidney tube addiction.
And as much, more and more knowledge.
And I was very good; I graduated with honor.
And you get out of the medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I knew everything, or the most possible, close to the whole, because I'm going to get rid of the mistakes.
And it works for a time, until I met Mr. Roughland.
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto when they brought Mr. Roughland to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you emerge to get a cardiologist to me, I got to attend that patient.
It's going to inform the chief of residents.
When I saw Mr. Roughland, I was drinking.
I heard a solid sound.
And when I turned it down, I heard a sound sound in both sides, which I was intrigued with a charitable heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumped blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it, and I went to work on the treatment I would give you.
I gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him dollars, water pills, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very good.
And that's when he made the first mistake; he sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the chief chief.
I didn't raise the phone, and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to make a complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake he made was worse.
When you send it to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior that said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . You don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Rockett,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it's going to be good . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance alongside the players took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I packaged to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking car where my car was going home . At that time I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service.
And there, another nurse, not the one that's true from Mr. Rougha before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors.
Other specialists also fear it as well, but there's a particular in embarrassment, and it's that we see the patients replaced.
The three words are: Do you remember you??
\" Do you remember the patient who sent home? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was good.
But it came back and on the edge of death.
In a time of a time to have come home, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911, and the players brought them to emergency with a $50 millimeter pressure, which means a severe shock.
I just breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff did all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was engaged and raped to the spinal cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because then the stabilize was in intensive therapy and expected against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was evident that I would never wake up.
I had an irreversible brain damage.
The family got together.
And in eight or nine days, it was rescued to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let them go . Mrs. Drug, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they will never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished by it and experienced for the first time the embarrassment that exists in our medical culture and felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never more combat that error.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The moral embarrassment that I talk about is which makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that that we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't for my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I'm pointing things and I make sure that I'm not going to demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did I send her to her home? Why did he?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so stupid??
Why chose medicine?
A little bit of that feeling was spreading.
And I began to feel better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out of the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I slowed the efforts to be perfect to make no more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his throat, was a little colorful.
I emailed him penicillin and sent him to her home.
But as he was headed to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to speak with me quietly in his office.
And I'd come up with the three words: Do you remember?
I remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat?
Well, he came back and didn't have a therapist.
He had a potentially deadly agency called egotion.
You can look for Google . It's an infection, not of the throat, but from the top air, and that can cause the number of those pathways.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
It's anti-political antibiotics, and it's recovered by the few days.
And you attract the same period of embarrassment and germs, then I get up and I went back to work, until it happened over and over again and again.
Two times in the same emergency turn, no discipline.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a mess.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a regime of kidneys, but it turned out normal, a colleague that was checking to the patient perceived a certain sensitivity on the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered him liquid to review and asked my colleague to check it.
The magazine, and when I noticed a certain sensitivity on the lower right quadrant, called the surgeon.
They were both operated.
But every case I was stuck, I was delivered.
But I would like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a set.
The most significant have been for the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release me and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the gap that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues??
How do you teach them this to don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go to a place like this, I wouldn't have any idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure??
Of course in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a transition in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and those who are not, and those who cannot sleep and those who are -- those who have a little bit of a result and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies who start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we get rid of medicine to people who make mistakes, we're going to stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, of course, and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical protests and medical mistakes to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Theater to my program:``White Cock, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one of every 10 prescription drugs in hospital are wrong, or destruction is not right . In a system where institutional infections are increasingly, and more numerous, making chaos and death.
In this country, it's going to die 24,000 Canadians for preventable medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about slums, because we're not dealing with the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
It's the privacy of sleep.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect history of a patient's patient in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes crazy with clean eyes and with alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
All of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, no one will stay.
And with it that people don't want to talk about their biggest cases?
In my program:``White delight, black art ,"it's a custom to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everybody from the paradoxicals to the heart of heart surgery:``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"And I will run the microphone to
And their students are going to stop, they go back, they go down their head and they're going to swallow saliva and start counting their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reduction medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefined doctor is human, you know, human, accept it, and it doesn't get rid of its mistakes, but it spreads to learn about what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals other people's mistakes not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving and support way to make all of them benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that humans are running the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every time.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a reduction doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
And I feel a lot, but I'm so effort to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day??
You know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people, and the average amount of choice that says to choose a middle American, are about 70 a day.
Not much, in a research, they followed for a week to a group of companies of companies.
Researchers recorded the different tasks associated by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job includes a lot of discoveries.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less . .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of its time.
Now think about their choices.
Do you know how many they belong to nine minutes category, and how many of one hour?
How do you heat the way that these decisions manage?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choose to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I will ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand alone if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your response is positive please give a palm.
And now my first question of day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload?
Thank you.
I'm going to be a graduate student at Stanford University, which was given this very high, very high level -- at least in that time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Dragon's.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There was about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the water of water, and this was when we take the water from the faucet.
I loved to go to that store, but at an occasion, I wondered, why never buy anything?
This is the shelf of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that come from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Does this strategy have to offer all these options? ''
He pointed the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with his cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the members.
Passage.
They had 34,000 different classes.
We installed a post to mean, just to the entrance of the store.
We put up there from six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what would people be willing to stop testing?
More people stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent, that when there was only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a story.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy.
The ones that they stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent of them bought me.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy them, if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we're not going to be buying, we probably get, -- -- -- -- that's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choice affects us in the right decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with War Harriet, Emina Kamen and Wei Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in savings plans for retirement, the 401 program, deployed people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation.
We had 65,000 plans that went from two, until 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of funds offered, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you wanted.
And in the plans that are offering about 60 funds, the participation rate described the perception 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of options, the more people were involved to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
In the way there was more options, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, that they apply it even when this comes against the self-interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and in health.
They're more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they're obviously going better.
The main reason is that we are going to look at that gigantic variety of greater, mustard, vinegar and shit, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today, I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've been trying, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do their business.
The first one is, County.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less.
People always get upset when I say,``Correct . ''
You worry about losing space on the ground.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, you're going to get the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Susanes to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Colony Cat removed the products for cats of cats that are less sold, the uses were increased in 87 percent, for two causes: greater sales and less costs.
It's known that the supermarkets of today, on average offers 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the world today is Adam and offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle choices better is David Hawking's plant, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a life insurance fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, people are often saying,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is I ask the employees,``Tell me the differences there are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you can't make your customers . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience, a vacation with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the Gary supply.
( Little applause) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Don't they?
Well, I'll show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it actually reached more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can guess and say that the second time it was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload, which is Congress.
So for people to understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of each option, and that the consequences must feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use cash.
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shanghai Bennamoush and Union privileged, on the personal English personnel who worked in RNA, these people were in a meeting where they were attacking a 401 plan.
And that meeting, that we created exactly as he used, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we put it to the staff who would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this picture there was an increase in the 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account, four percent.
The third technique is classify.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the slums of the British corridor, the exhibition exhibition can contain from 330,000 different types to 664 . .
But, you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called``Japanese"and the other,``Switzerland . ''
If you think the one on the left is Shanghai and the one on the right is jazz, they give a palm.
( Little applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Shanghai, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Shanghai . But, you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to who choose, not that defined them.
You often see this problem with those huge fundraising lists.
supposedly who are you reporting?
My fourth category: Congregat complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows us to make it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to run the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
colors, outside color . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, changes -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order where decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you actually affect the button by the defect in every decision, this indicates you're overwhelmed, you're losing them.
We found that those who go from lots of choices to a few of them, they press the button button over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, you'll continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order where information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the box of change, you don't say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration, in all ways you prepare to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that we're building now with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice overload: Corruption, eliminate strange alternatives -- Congress, make it real; classify, we can handle more categories with less options; to drive complexity.
All these techniques I've presented them were designed to help manage alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to get the best of an election is being careful by choosing.
And the more care we are in our choices better we will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Middle East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine, you had to register it before the government.
You had to record a text sheet of example written with the machine.
And this so that the government could trace the origin of the texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think anyone could do this, how much it would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer, and print a page, that page will end up having a few printed yellow dots on every page that make a pattern of your own and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to fit a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can add the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Gould in the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The mobile cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, quantities.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiplient, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valigram Telescope, from Tarah, Estonia.
This is Alfred God.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Birming Anderson.
These are Matthew Anderson, Toronto Allay etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking drugs to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss count of this lady, Sam Jazeera, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain walked up; he knows his lunch.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us being victims of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have declined in the last 12 months, occupying a role in the lines online.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group is the national states that they attack.
And then we see cases like Discipline.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Diagnosing is an authority of certification of the Netherlands or, actually, it was.
Decent the last fall because of a celebration.
They extract the safety of the site, and they would cut a cyber.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting meeting of Dutch government, asked one of the leaders if they were able to make the death of people's death because of the attack to diagnose.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of these?
Diagnosing is a certified authority.
They sell certificates.
What do the certificate serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with phthalates, self-relative services, services like Gmail.
So except, you're interested in an foreign certified authority.
They emit appropriate certificates.
And in the case of Denmark, exactly that happened.
And what happened in Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt??
Well, in Egypt, protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011 and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this folder card called CIPOnean.
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications in the country's citizens.
They had sold this tool for 24,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company of the company is right here.
So, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, it was found the American American -- a drug used by German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is invented.
But today it goes beyond.
You're interested in connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the School tree to infect our computer with a drug to allow them to see the whole communication, and listen online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this obvious answer should be,``Well, it looks bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument makes no sense.
It's in play.
privacy doesn't argue.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we recover today, it will forever be . .
Are we going to be slightly confident in any future government, in an administration we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the South National Park Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The Nairobi National Park doesn't have close to most of the south, which means that wild animals like the migration lies freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot to lions.
They're dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, six to nine years old, is responsible for her father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid.
But I realized that actually this doesn't serve, because it even helped the lions to see the standard.
I didn't laugh . It continued.
A second idea was to use a specialist.
I was trying to deceive the lions to believe that I was close to the stage.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the specialist, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped up and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions have fear to the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with the one that will be lost and shut out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
Everything.
As you can see, the solar panel carries the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little induced box . I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights apart.
As you can see, the bulbs are going out, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights are driving and deceive the lions so they think I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators as hyenas, leopards, and it's also being used to show elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brood International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even brought my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, I was just a child in the knees of the savanna dragging the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying, and I said that someday I would be inside one.
And today here I am.
I got the opportunity to come online for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
I heard it . What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Tulu: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RG: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA: An electric fence??
RG: I know that the electric fences were invented, but I want to do mine.
CA: You're trying one time, right? And you -- (Audience: I've tried it before, but I got a calculator . CA: On the foot of the cannon . Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage in every step that I'll give you.
Thank you very much . RD: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``Do nothing . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Il-Sung history, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are enemies.
Though sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until all changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleague.
That said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks past.
We're received together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
One woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child scanned in their arms looking at their mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine ran to North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, over a million Koreans died during hunger, and only few survived they were eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts, all around me was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared with neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which serves of limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very narrow in certain points, allowing Koreans to go safely . .
But many die.
Sometimes, I see bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a Korean refugee.
But soon, I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because American refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replaced to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being Koreans, so I looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered questions.
At the end of the interrogation, one official said to another,``This was a fake report . She's not Korean . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China seek asylum on foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Though they had caught them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, North Koreans are captured in China and deported to North Korea, where they're tortured, imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't had so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all its world can be used in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk going to Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Sitting in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all Korean, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
You even attract an identity crisis.
Am I surgery or Korean?
Where am I? Who am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride.
Although I'm going to adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the research exam to university.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call alternative.
The North Korea authorities infect some money that I sent my family, and as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location in the outskirts.
They had to flee immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the road to freedom . freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I went into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China, and then across the South Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
I asked the identity of everyone, and it started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I kindly stood up, and I told him that they were modern people who were clapping.
I looked suspicious, but fortunately I believed.
We did all the way to the book border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the illegally border.
After paying mountains and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the capital of Lagos.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison to short distance of the South Korea embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or molecules.
I lost hope.
At that time, or a man's voice question,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans and taking them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he told me.
\" I'm helping the British people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice stranger symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Korean village when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are actually the beams of hope that the ordinary people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I came together in South Korea.
It's only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or anything.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practice, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us keep in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help giving Koreans an opportunity to thrive international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans going around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central . .
This is Central Central: light stores, rapid food, fatty land.
So the city planners got together and thought, we're going to change the South Center name to represent something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles . They tend to look like local food, fast food.
Like 26 million other Americans, living in a food desert, the Southern Central Anderson, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to take more people killed than food in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hillis, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see wheelchair chairs, and sold as used cars.
I see centers of planning diabetes like Starbucks.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I'm also tired to drive 45 minutes of age and turn to buy a apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a garden.
It's 45 feet away.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what I'm in a winning, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Group, and we started to plant our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complex vegetables.
What we're doing, we're a kind of a paid group that's paid by the gardens of all the procedures, all of the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came up to me, and in short, they gave me a hunter by saying that I had to cut my garden, the hunter made a court order.
And I said,``Are we, really?
A court order to plant food in a piece of land that nobody cares about?"So I was like,``Well, let's slow them up . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lester, and he talked to the competition and one of Green Grove members, who put a petition in Chile, with 900 signatures, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My copy even called to say that he was breathing and they adore what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the American city with more boring ground.
He's got 68 miles of whales.
That's about 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 125 million plants of tomato.
Why don't you look good about this?
It will grow a plant to give about a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of tasks will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my hero, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is how you print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I laughed to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured to me, and I will make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which brings walls, I drink soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my performance of that canvas.
You're surprised to see what the land can do . If you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflowers are and how people affect.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act you can do, especially in a round.
Also, they get fruits.
I remember an occasion, who came a mother and her daughter, they were like the 17th o'clock in the night, and they were in my garden, salt, and looked very nice.
I, well, man, I felt bad, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when you see people who were so close to me with hunger, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear people will steal your food? ''
I say,``Oh no, I'm not afraid that you're going to steal it . ''
That's what it's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to take your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared me his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plan with their mom and grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Group has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all on volunteer plan.
If kids are growing together, the kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes . But if nothing of this is taught, if you don't teach you how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you're going to put in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in . I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, who don't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows??
Maybe the next George Washington Conflick is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to underpin it.
What I'm talking about is to put people to work for people in the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we need to make it sexy.
I want you all to become electrodes, people, general gardens.
We have to change the script of what a gift is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a.
You're going to take your own stick.
That's your choice weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see you, you come to the garden with your stick so that you can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Skateboard sounds) (microwave pedestrians) probably everybody agrees with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt.
And especially if you go together in your bike and these cars go, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make pure asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores, and the water can pass through it, so all the rain water flows around the sides and you'll have a road that it's easy to drive, and you won't repair water.
Noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid.
What is it? You see, in this road, the stones on the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that . But you can hurt your windshield, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bump with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Back, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of air between the stones.
Because of the increase, the ultraviolet light, the rusty, this Adam, this block, the glue between the rays, will be shrinking, and if you get rid of it, you're going to do microphone and you will separate from the adding.
So, if you drive out the road, you'll get the added -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of materials.
If we can make this material self-sustaining, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, from that to clean blood, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the vessel . .
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine of induction.
The induction can heat, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you've got to do is heat the steel, melt the blood, the block flow through these microbes, and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today, I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big induced machine here onstage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, actually saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's very interesting . We need to try it . ''
So they gave us a piece of roads , 400 meters of the G8 freeway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on road, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repair them with our independence machine and repair them and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the power energy to actually increase the life of the surface surface, and they can even double the life of the surface, and they can actually double the life of the surface . It really will be saved a lot of money with very simple
And now, of course, they have curiosity from whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to focus first before you can show you how the repair acts.
But I'm going to make an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban were!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he told me.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban collapsed Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was seen as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books on market bags so that we would look like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we removed our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, school closes suddenly for a week, because the Taliban suspects.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
were they following us?
Did you know where we live??
We were terrified, but still, school was where we wanted to be . .
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total interview of a remote province of Afghanistan, he insisted that her daughter, my mother, went to school, and that's why her father repeated it.
But my education mother became teacher.
This is her.
It's going to retire two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family in receiving education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk to not educate their children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Hey, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money . You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So, you still want to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the balance, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Philip College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was excited from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate.
He didn't just get out of my university degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I led it by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador in 1976, a global campaign to educate women.
It's why I cofounded ALS, the first one and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like mine, advocate for them, to weigh and still in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
It's less than a month ago, he and his daughter was on the road from SOPA to his village, and literally they were escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice would warn you that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you will try it back.
\" Look, if you want ,"he said,``But I won't harm the future of my daughter for his old and remote ideas . ''
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who are strings, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter, and he sees that success her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, often they are the first compelling interests of their daughters' future, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are counted in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that the animals, I see a promotional future and a lasting change.
To me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities, and every day the G girls remind me.
Like me, they dream in big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile:``daughter, resistant to Gaddafi . Lucy against him.
But you never come back a straight revenge . ''
They've spent almost two years since I was studying the book revolution inspired by the smell of mass mobility so much from the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other liberal citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and start a revolution against the regime regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a big revolution.
Women and men who were released were in the forefront, requiring the fall of the regime, using freedom boards, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of an example to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyranny.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and season seeds.
For four decades, Gaddafi's terror regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the free society.
Instanting of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, alongside many other women, rebuild the civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
200 organizations were established in Benjamin during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, roughly 300 in Turkey.
After a period of 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about development development and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the platform of Women Lab's platform, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse guidance, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and for our equal participation right in the construction of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the pre-industrial period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model from selfish, explorer policies.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually, the energy of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing; every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of old mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day I started with the murder of the American ambassador and the consumer attack.
Another day we wake up with the newspaper of the army officers.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continuous human rights violations of prisoners and their lack of respect from the law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is more polarized, and it has gone away from ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire them with our story of the success of the``crowd list"and elections.
Now, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
And the creative list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
So what happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish and explorer policies, both for men like women?
Maybe what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than what elections needed, which only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the most than need the numerical representation and quantitative representation.
We need to stop acting as an outrage agent, and we need to call a few days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We need to develop a female speech, which is not only honor, but also puts the mercy rather than the revenge, the collaboration instead of competition, including instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, distilled by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that tries to interact and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in a existential way before we do it in a social form.
According to a sense of the Koran``Salaam"-- peace --``it's the word of the God, [unclear, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``Randal ,"which is known in all of the American traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``Rambo"-- it was sitting, by mimicking the feminine and a maternal, which opens up all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all the peoples have gone.
And so, as the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of nuclear compassion all existence.
That's how you say,``My mercy opens all things . ''
That's how you say,``My mercy prevalence about my anger . ''
That you're all aware of the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question, which has an equally unified answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is what everybody always does: Why does she stay?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who keeps her?
I'm not psychiatrists, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that I'll tell.
I was 22 years old . I had just license at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and an editor in Science magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green translator American Emphasis, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, pointed me to my head with a gun, charged with a gun ball.
The man, I loved more than anybody in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, love destroying, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be their story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm released in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA at Marina Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the list``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burrike and The Washington Post.
I'm about 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black Labrador, and I drive an Ocean Hong Minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all race, all the religions, all levels of performance and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a woman's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate, independent and long-term relationships, or, you know, in the families, the last place where we want or we will expect violence -- reason why, the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who would glue him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to become domestic violence victims than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples, nodes and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold cold and rain night.
I was sitting next to the subway in New York, and I started wandering with me.
He said two things.
The first one was, he also had just released from a university of the I.Q . University and working on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a guy in the field.
I had a big array like apples, and a wheat rubber hair, and it looked so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Korean did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it all at the beginning by putting in a pedestal.
We started coming out and loved everything from me: I was ready, I had gone to Harvard, that I'd put passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done.
And that was why the library in that school profession and the work in Wall Street and its bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and hack the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is isolating.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams' work, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a``crazy love ,"which was entering the head in a physical, financial and psychological trap . present and psychology.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce violence threat to see how it does.
And this is where they come into the scene.
As we moved to New England, you know, that site where I was supposed to be so safe to feel so safe.
One had the car of the car.
Another of the guards underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those pictures because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pictures were actually a message for me, and I had never raised my hand, my life was in serious danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend off and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me too much.
And I was very, very regret.
It just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact that a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and it would never be hurt.
I spent twice in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I would bounce several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, it was released by traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold to the face.
Now, I'd come up with a week or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or harassment at some point of their life, and the Center of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I stay??
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
In the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply tormented man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo to face their demons.
The other question that everybody does is, why doesn't it just go?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone anywhere.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a cliff.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put in the end of the relationship, after they march, because then the overwhelming has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent act, even after the abusive has come back to married, definition of financial resources, and manipulation of the family system of family to manage the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend a super-sentition time with the man who would glue their mother.
And yet we keep wondering why it just doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of a very last parallel soup that came my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if it was allowed.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you.
We have the tendency to stabilize victims as aerospace headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why do you stay? ''
So for some people, it's a way to say,``The guilt is its for staying ,"as if the victims we're going to choose in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published``Love Love ,"I heard about hundreds of stories of men and women who were also escape, who learned an individual lesson of what happened to them, and they had their lives to have their lives, joyful and happy lives, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I became married with a terrible and nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black Labrador, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to go back to have ever more, even, is a pipe paralyzed by pointing to my head in someone who says I want.
Right now, you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hey, what silly was!"or, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you there's a few people, which you're listening to right now, which are being battered, or that they were a little bit, or you're abused themselves.
The evil could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy particular love to break the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just on silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply by shedding light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Keep the evil to the light talking about it with your children, your coworkers, your friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
You recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to slow your climb and show victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be accurate, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this moment, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dress like that . luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing shift on a TED stage, so you're really lucky to interpret it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it came out, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of power to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head, because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so they don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this??
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would architect the back and take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or artificial tan like the one that I did two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, although shallow and unchanging, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being courageous means to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I am model.
Because I'm a beautiful, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always make me, but in a simple way.
The first question is, how do you get model??
And I always say,``A hunters discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything . ''
The real reason I did model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated it at a high and affordable figure, the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, heritage I've known to leverage to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait . There they are born, Turkey, Joan Shamas, Liu Wei.
First of all, happiness for knowing so much of models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at NYU in New York told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 767, hired models, just 27, that's less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: could it be model when it's older?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't care about that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be whatever you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a colonial surgeon, and poetry, which would be awesome, because you would be the first.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say,``I know my boss . ''
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the chief of the American Voice magazine or the executive director of H & M, or the next Steven Mellon.
You want to say that you want to be model, you want to say you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the cardiac surgery, it can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've finished your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your backs, no longer matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said, interior clothes for 10 years, people would look at you weird.
The next question that people always do to me is whether all the photos are reflected.
And yes, it's basically removed all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a biologist, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I read my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a couple of a few days before the photos for French vote.
Here I am with my soccer team and in the magazine magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, plates, mammals, photographers and stars, and all their aid and purple people and purpose, and they're able to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things??
I have too much heels of 20 inches, and I never use, except the previous couple, but the privilege that I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a tent and forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a large driver; it took a state in red, and, of course, they stopped us, and it's just a sorry, an agent to be able to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am . And there are people who are paying a price for their way without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers that were paid and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latin, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 70,000 black and Latino kids in New York City, so for them, isn't it a question of me standing?
But how many times do you stop me? And when?
In the research for this talk, I found out that 75 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent at 17 percent.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair, you'll feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give a answer that maybe that's how it looks.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible can work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about my own aspect every day.
And if you ever wonder: with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the more to fashion, but probably they're the most professional women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something that's going to get out of this talk, I hope that everybody feels more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception of success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to take a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I didn't get me.
There were no artistic directors, no stability, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took random tourists.
My story starts when, finding in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching, my wife said to me, why don't you take you to New York in a dark journey and you continue the ritual?
This is when we started to ask tourists that were going to take us out.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied, and fortunately, no one has heard with the camera.
So, we weren't aware of how much we would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop in a week in October and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter takes new stories, and I can see life through their eyes and how to perceive and interact with everything.
That in concrete that we spend together is something we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly, he stopped in dry and pointed out a red player of the wrist store that he would get small in earlier visits.
And I described what I had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I thought that he remembered his heart paralyzed with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you see in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively into the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today, I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't doubt in approaching somebody and ask yourself: Does it take a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bumps are in the most threatened birds.
First, why do you have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter as a mental, silly, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press laughter, applause and applications, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept . You know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep the environment clean, the parliament doesn't help prevent disease spread.
They're hardly managed . They're far away from extinct . And, my favorite, the bumps have better presence . There are two kinds of bumps on this planet.
There are the New World's business that are mostly in America, like the training and the shrimp, and the Old World's crops, where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 faces a high risk of extinction.
So, why are you important? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
They are our natural garbage collectors.
They clean the corpses to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that not being extended and causing great loss of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no numbers, the corpses take three to four times longer to decompose, and this has huge branching in the spread of disease.
Bulgestake also has huge historic importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
Nepal was the symbol of the protective and the manufacturing, and along with the cobra, they symbolizes the unit between the height and the Egypt . .
In Indian mythology, Jack was the blue god, and he risked his life to save the devil of the Devil 10 devil.
In the Tibetan culture, there are a lot of very important entrances to open sky, and in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bumps provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the bumps?
We have eight species of blood in Kenya, which six are in extreme extinction threats.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the partisan communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bumps are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of blood are on the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, it's going to be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock consumption that has been treated with a distribution drug like Dichassis.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India, and they've taken a posture.
Because there's no billion, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the cards of cards, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for rage . The number of case cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 350 regrets are going to be above the Turkana lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They are birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of big death to serve the bubble and the feminist market.
So what is it doing? Okay, we're investigating these birds . We're putting them transmission.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the fences, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we need to focus on these very understanding creatures, to donate their time to spread the word . disseminate the word.
When you go out of this room, you will report you about the bumps, but you talk to your families, with your children, with your neighbors about the blood . .
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the skies.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977, young light, but I'm no longer . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Maria's, Algeria and Somalia, in terms of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set in Africa failed.
And I was stumped.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did is we put it up.
Our first project, the one that inspired my first book,``Olympics of the Palm ,"was a project where we decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So, we came with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Pakistan River, and we teach local and calculated tomatoes and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't act . We were amazed that the locals, in so fragile Valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we simply said,``Thank God we are here ."`` Just in time to save people from Zambia . ''
And of course, everything in Africa is really grown.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling them to the companies,``Look how easy the agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight at night, about 200 helicopters appeared from the river and they ate everything, and we said to the companies,``Oh my God, we had the mortgage . ''
And the companies said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought that only we Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the mortgages.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we give you to the trusted people from Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Death Death"by Douglas Moore, commercial economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've entered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Call it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are imperative, collective missions, and we treat people just in two ways: or we're sponsoring them, or we're patterns.
The two words come from the Latin root root, which means``father . ''
However, it means two different things.
Pating, treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids .``I want a lot . ''
Patrick, treated all of a different culture as if they were my services.
That's why white people in Africa are called``Barbie . ''
That book gave me a slap in the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"I wrote by Schulting, who said for about every economic development, if people don't want to be helped, taxes alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respecting.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can you -- can you imagine a city that's not negotiating? ''
I decided at the age of 27 years only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook company where you never start anything, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of local passion who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? You shut.
He's never coming to a community with an idea, and he sits with the people in the locality.
We don't work from the offices.
We get together in a coffee . We get together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, do we hear it, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never go on, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business doctor of the business, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and it helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in Spain, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time, trying to get away from this central garbage that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on the march, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that?
How can it do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
And I was walking out and I heard you ."So, the government says,``Hey again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the largest business advisers in history, passed at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a professor of philosophy before he got involved in business, and this is what Peter Durahi says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you know, Chuck without knowing what the most senior people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer you carefully, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll get in the mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion??
What do you do.
Passionate local people . That's what you've been clapping.
So what I tell you is that the spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution fuels, not renewable, manufacturing -- and of one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The phrase as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for the green revolution? Universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!!
They're going to be entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's a crazy story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1870.
And in the year 1870, this group of people came together, and I'm speculating about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was Unilever: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population is kept growing at this rate, to take the population of New York to around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already becoming starting in manure . So, in 1970, they were dividing this dirty technology to overcome the life of New York.
So what's going on? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, there were a hundred of us in the United States.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scales, factories in appropriate places.
Dergent, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you carefully.
Otherwise, you will not come to talk with you.
Then you have to offer you a absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And basically, you will have to tell you the truth about entrepreneurship.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things beautifully: the product you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and search for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 companies from the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: None of it was started by one person.
There's no word, but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't alone when he started.
Nobody starts a company . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have factors, who come from an environment of little businesses sitting in cafeteria, in bars alongside their dedicated beds who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman, who speaks to this incident, someone who asked you, what needs it??
What can you do? Can you do it??
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money? ''
\" Oh no, I can't do that ."`` Would you want you to look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those people can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge to stop sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like highways, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartment?
How can we pay and ask a lot more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams??
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shame to lovers, drunk and sounds for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a parade in New Orleans . There's one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned properties from America.
I live close to this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009 I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for life.
He gave it clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I'm going to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to go through the day every day and forget the really important for one.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this house in a giant chalkboard and painted on her sentences to complete,``Before I die...''
So the trends could take a chalk, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ,"`` Before I die I want to sit in the line of the date change line . ''
\" Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to someone's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh, they were discarded, and they gave me comfort at hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and school ways, and it's about giving birth to reflection and contemplation, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic center colleagues, we did a kit, and now they have made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond . .
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid to talk about, or even think, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that confers us more power.
It's going to think about the moral death.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as individuals and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
It's 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't talk, but they transmit joy better than some of the best speakers.
Rio knows what love is.
You share it automatically, it's going on.
It's not applause . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that must be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old . It's high . It's very handsome.
It has the most implanted memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my laptop, but I remember the year I came out every song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I'd put my arm on my arm during the first episode of the Telescope and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Don't you look incredible?
But most people disagree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of the society of society, they often are ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and strength my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less family with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual, it becomes a different way, and it's so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that increases faster in the world, there's no cause or a cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When I was a few months, I realized that he was different.
I recorded a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all . .
He lived and reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars on the line around the room, looking at the washing and eating anything that would be between media.
As it grew, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the barricades, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that I never mentioned.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments that I wish that they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that it's things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
normality goes through the beauty that gives us the differences, and the fact of being different doesn't mean that any is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transmit one thing to Rio and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a gift! Every one of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for big, progress and change is in the moment where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a bit what should have been to be Alice in the wonders of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
He was scared . He's really scared . He was scared with these students with his big minds, their big books and their big, unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students . I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are those who are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and care of health, between others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please freeze with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer ourselves: and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant for us.
They don't just tell us that they study the recordings, but they study the records, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care with jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of its ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same as making them dumb.
Rather, as Einstein said, that everything as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, and they are ways of encouraging and excited with their content.
And when you present your work, forget from the signs of bullet.
You've wondered why they're called``bullet"? What do bullets do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language area of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of examples of Aging Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of recording is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate phrase that the public can understand if it's lost a little bit, and then providing graphs that beat our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what's described.
I think these are just some key keys that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, all the media, take me with simplicity . Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the entire English Dictionary Dictionary is``self-replacement . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``self-replacement"means``demonstrating policy . ''
Although there was a pedestrian editor of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said,``A solar"is the one who looks for a public charge without import or platform, platform or principle, and that, when she wins, he gets it for the mere use of a remote eye monument . ''
I have no idea what it means``remote . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber.
And all of this was thanks to the value of a guy with the installation of Brain Crank, who confronted Parliament.
They put him in the London Tower and he was incarcerated, but he had enough courage to face them, and he had such a popular support in London who won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase``that"as a metal.
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's because of the freedom of speech.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want to go back to America, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know it.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This is been discovered in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that could have failed.
Some of them wanted to call it``West Washington ,"and others,``His Air George Washington ,"and other people's``Defense of the American People in the United States . ''
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
You thought it was a quality of quality.
And it wasn't even monitoring, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a determined deadline.
And it could have served.
Everybody gets tired, because this debate was released for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator, and I always wrote,``still with this topic . ''
What caused the portrait and the height was that the Report chamber was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to fall in power.
They didn't want to call him King by whether he gave him or his own ideas.
So, they wanted to give the title more modest, more inevitable and more clean than happened.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . It's already before, but it only meant``somebody who's driving a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much greater than the term``foreman"or``supermarket . ''
There were smart presidents of little colonial tissues and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate is opposed.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it president . ''
\" This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign diagnostics . ''
\" And who's going to take it seriously with a kind of ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't cut.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been fundamentally represented by President's title.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible to keep waiting for 32 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of the UAVs and so on.
reality and history have doubled the degree of gravity.
So in the end, the Senate won.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity by then.
But, you know how many nations have President?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, in the end, Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now President of the U.S.
And I think that's the big lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave you with.
politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually, the reality is much more than the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of supermassive bodies in darkness, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk to you, but especially, this cacophony of male tissue and stones with primitive tools.
Like each other, I'm wearing a cheap light of linear light subject to my head with this entropy electric, and I can barely distinguish the branches of the walls that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
I slipped my hand, and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before, who lost the control and fell internaluated meters in that pump.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward, and often dying.
I came out of that hole, and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Peace Peace House.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a French in the September, a NGO that was dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
And we started talking about slavery, and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not that degree.
When we finished talking to me very badly, I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a notion of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the September of the September and offer it to help me.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, it would beat the dirty pathways.
A conservative calculation says that there are now more than 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced during the entire treatment of transatlantic slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker . worker.
The equivalent to about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can enslave the entire families by generations for unique debt.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than $13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without paying, under threat threat and can't escape.
Today, slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the furnaces of brick.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Death.
It's in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped on a heavy set of powder, mechanically stacked bricks in their heads, up to 18 at once, and they take them from the arms to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Desperated by the memorial and the tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and severe rehydration made it be pretty daunting.
That's so compelling, and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the Republican that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And it explained to me very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to trust in the September of the September and work inside the system for his release and trust it to get it.
As to me, I hope to get home to feel my mangled heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running stones for miles for mountains to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who carry them and children support them to their heads with homemade straps made of sticks, ropes and goats.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous??
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paying because this has been like this whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villagers collected their freedom, the slaves burned their houses.
When we hear the word of slavery, we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness, I was warned to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
And in Kathmandu, I was given women who had previously been sexual slaves.
I was driven by some ancient ladders that gave this basement, flat light.
It wasn't exactly a graph.
It was a restaurant.
Researchers, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where women with their girls and children, some of only seven years are forced to entertain clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every dot is dark and dirty, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain . .
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
Now, I remember in advertising, I remember having sense an extra acute fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be to be trapped in that hell.
I only had a room: the stairs where I entered.
There was no backyard.
There were no big windows to climb.
Those people don't have a trajectory, and since we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor hand.
I visited Indian villages in which there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The hands of black are the father, the bowls of blue and red, of their children.
They mix tuna in these big barrels and dip the silk on the liquid to the elbow, but ethics is toxic.
My gut told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, though, can go out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in the Lake Lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fisherman family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense, right?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their traumatized, disappeared families, and forced to work extra extended in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking; he feared that his little canoe was empathy.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling to water.
The branches branch of the trees submerged in the Golden lake often catch networks and children, fatigue and fear, throw into water to destroy the branches.
Many are drowned.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love, he's not going to flee, and as all life has been treated with cruelty, he's essentially treating the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning when they took the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
On the cold and version night.
And it fits to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen.
I met it in a shelter in which I was French in the salary of slavery victims.
Kofi symbolizes the possible thing.
Who will be thanks to somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
He's driving by a road in Ghana with the September Seconds, a super-sentition companion with his scooter, and he would suddenly accelerate our car and play the window.
He asked us to follow it on a land path to the jungle.
At the end of the road, he pushed us out of the car, and asked the driver to go quickly.
And then he pointed out this sense barely visible and said,``This is the way, this is the way . We go . ''
As we began to go down, we take the walls that blocked the path and after walking about an hour, we found that the road was encouraged by the recent rains, so I put the photos on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the signal was finished openly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of enslaved workers.
A lot of women had children tied their backs and, as they were looking for gold, they walked in water poisoned water.
The message is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a wells in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the wells they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at their eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters, and these people are carrying heavy bags of stone that will then be transported to another area where they kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong and fuzzy men, but if we look closer, the margin we see to work to other less lucky and also children.
These are all injury victims, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the sense of mercury in a few years.
This is Marine . When his father died, he took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die your uncle, Marina inherited the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be adaptive.
In addition to that, Mauritius has tuberculosis, and not right to that, he's forced to work night and day.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists, like the September, and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give us testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines . They're from people, real people, like you and me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think of these many beautiful, battered people, who have had the great honor of knowing.
Now, I hope that these images wake up a force in those who sees them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to be a fire, and that that fire goes light on slavery, because without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a mathematical math, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what we do.
So today, I'm going to try and tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They're leading the virtues of the ballet and the dancer dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial competence that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease would gradually destroy this extraordinary skill, as I do with my friend Jane Stranghthele, who, in his time, was a virtuous dancer dancer.
In the last few years, it has been very progress in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are sick and they have to deal with an endless, terrorist, regiment weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately the only way we know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective and close metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that out of clinical trials, they never do . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a tough journey to clinic . What if patients could make the test themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So, what I want to propose to you about as not conventional form to try, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Stirling.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as they emit sounds by talking . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes necessary . The Forddromettics, for example.
And like the ballet, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time that it takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as Parkinson affects extremism, also affects vocal organs.
In the bottom, you can see an example of irregular temperature from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal temperature, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and associated after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate . Okay, but also the exams based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, you can be sentenced.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
It's a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something makes a cost so low: it appears on a massive scale.
These are some incredible goals to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It wouldn't be done to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could be able to do massive low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, factors at the first time.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biofuels of disease before it's too late.
So, by giving the first steps in that sense, we're launching the World Heritage Initiative.
Together to Isaac and Philippines, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a pennies, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who isn't?
What do you get from these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah, I know what happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease . TR: Sure.
CL: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of collected data in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limited confusion factors in search for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
CL: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student Thailand, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the mobile phone network also, which manages the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: novel and nine . Okay, it's a improvement.
CL: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Little, public.
CL: Thank you, Tom.
Before March of 2011, I was making photographic reforms in New York City.
We are flat creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the thin models even more thin, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little bit later, an organization where it was voluntary, there I was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13th of May traveled to Opera.
It's a small picture town in the presentation of the Internet of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles in the inside.
As you can imagine, the town was devastating.
We took rubble from channels and cells.
We removed schools . We take the mud and we leave the houses ready to be renewed and rehabilitation.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, appetite, power of local factory.
We were sick and loved.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors find similar things.
You find pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and 3D cards.
They all did the same thing.
Put them up and bring them to different places of people around around to save them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As I walked out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week week, I started to help in a town's assessment center.
I helped clean the communal bathrooms, the huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of efficacy picks up photos.
There they took them and I had the honor that that day will trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, and I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I'm going to get myself my horizons that something happened.
When I look at the photos, I found some of them who were more than a hundred years old, and they were still in the envelope of the lab, I couldn't help to think about how to fix that rate and repair that cloth and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to portray photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too extracting, but where the water had documented the face of the girl, I had to fix with a lot of precision and delicious . .
Otherwise, that girl wouldn't have the aspect of herself, and that would be as tragic as having the spread photo.
Over the time, they came up with very much more photos, and they needed more retroviral, so it was in Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks, I had 150 people who are willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Reediting, a neighboring town in northern Ahmedabad.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time you've been trying to deliver it is a different story, it depends on a different story of the photos.
I could implement an hour . I could implement weeks.
It could make a few months.
This childhood had to draw practically by using how the colors whose color and detail had no destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged into saltwater, covered by bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of it with the pace of time continued to destroy them, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't remove the picture unless he was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with the cleaning cleaning.
We count with the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to damage the photos even more.
As GPHIN said, my group's leader is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had luck in relation to photos.
He had started cleaning her herself, but he stopped to realize that the damage even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would have not been able to rebuild, we could flap the images in a single photo and delay the whole picture.
When I picked up their pictures shared something of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found photos in a firefighter station between the very far away from where he used to be their house, but their colleagues recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water as the siren sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know they all survived.
The day he sent her photos his son under his youngest son 14 years old.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could remember, something that he could remember from the past that he wouldn't have been labeled by that March day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1960 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them were helping us clean by hand over 350,000 photographs, the vast majority -- the vast majority came back to their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families of fully reasonable and remote pictures.
During this time, we really don't spend more than $1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of the ink.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we will go back to.
It was about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to bring someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this becomes somebody, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the creators.
Some of them connected to something bigger, to go back something, using their talent for something that are not a perfect skin.
To end up I'd like to read this email . I sent it a day, and I sent it back from Japan after six months.
As I was involved, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a photo with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, got me around a baby, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my newborn daughter, hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, in all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Ardeen inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that takes an apple on an exhibition of just a thousandth of a second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photography: the mammal -- a new technique so fast that it can create videos in the slow chamber of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and I'll turn it up and turn into a second billion of the second, and it's in a number of weeks to create a piece of photons of just a millimeter wide.
And that picture package, that ball, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this photons package and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow cameras?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nation is what takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't applaud this research . It's going to take a lot of things in this film; it will destroy this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes into the bottle with a packet of photons that starts throwing it up and, inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes to the table, and we start to see these ripples.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
In that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections at the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, the reflection is concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it cut the same distance, and we see it in a slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to feel that movie?
One day? A week? Actually, a year.
It would be a very boring movie of a blank lens in motion.
What about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that fall off the table, the tomato and the wall in the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond . .
It's the way nature painted a photo, I thought, from a photographer at once, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at more time this tomato, you'll notice that as the light is taken out of the tomato, it goes brilliant . It doesn't happen.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce in its interior, and it comes back to a number of seconds of second.
In the future, when this phenomenon is in its mobile phones, they're going to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if you take a picture at low exposure, it's very little light.
But we'll get a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so I'll just get some light.
We sent that ball, that picture of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over and over again with a very high sync, we took those data gigabytes and we put them together to create those forgetta pregnancies that I showed you.
We can take all those data in crude and process them in a way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future allowed him to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . You can go into the room, and a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces.
It's not fiction fiction . We've built it already.
On the left, it's our phosphorus.
Behind the wall, there is a marker and we'll bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Community.
And a small fraction of the photons go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our phosphorus, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what the distance.
By projecting a laser, you can record a photo photo, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't have any sense.
But will we take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them back and try to analyze the multiple light bounces, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could be able to build the inside of the body by spreading oceans, and the same for corruption.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so actually this is a request to scientists so that they start thinking about photocoping as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of imaging in health in the next generation.
Just like Doc addiction, he himself was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of troubled photographs.
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collect are not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to do it.
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves . Remember, time between each of those waves is just a few billion of them.
But here also something fun happens.
If we look at the waves underneath the lid, they get away from us.
waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes comes into the camera.
By applying the deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's already time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile cell, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile cell, you can record a song, upload it to Solar and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child from 1984 and alive in Berlin City.
Let's go back to this moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protected a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered that you're looking for a change, they had a mobile phone.
Who from the present have a cell phone here?
Raise them.
Raise your mobile phones, get them out!
Get them . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
But today I'll talk about me, from my cell phone, and how life changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
British data.
Why is that information there? there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . Commission presented a directive.
The Department of Data de Data.
This principal says that every European phone company, every Internet provider across Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who.
Who sent a text to who.
And if we use mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or their Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people were planted and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data feedback.
We want the distribution in the digital age and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who went out to Berlin streets and said,``Freedom, I don't fear . ''
And some even said that this would be Stage 2.0.
Stace was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, Decomenus Telecom, who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, who please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asking them, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
That's why I decided to encourage them a radical demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Declara Thatcher said no, we won't give this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would return demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal fails the institutional law of the E.U . directive law.
So I got this ugly child on brown with a CD inside.
And at the CD there was this.
Third and five thousand hundred lines of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a little bit skeptical: what should you do with that??
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data retention means.
So, next to Ze Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step that I give.
And you can see how I go from Frank on train to colony, and how often I call in the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one calls the other, and each other, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what hour they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who talks to who, who gives you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said earlier, imagine if all these people on the streets in Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the sword had known who was involved in this protest, and if the sword had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall is probably never happened.
And in consequence, not the fall of the iron curtain.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for the self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to tell their friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century and it's not a fashion of fashion.
When they go home, tell their representatives that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information stores from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you're serving to remember that you have to fight for the distribution in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Mayor Zapan and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, supporting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, that's why it's all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting . I'm like a scanner of Shanghai.
And Muhammad Al.
The P C. is not genetic.
It's not Congo, it cannot contract.
Nobody curse my mother's uterus and not the contract because my parents were cousins, although they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
We're going to go.
So, survivors of Christmas, are in the mall center, drive in circles in search for parking parking and what you see?
16 empty empty places.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
In addition, I say, I have 99 problems, and the P C. is just one of them.
If there was a surge of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey . .
If you don't feel better, you might have to do it.
I'm from Park Clay in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can [unclear]. dance sing . ''
If my three major sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents sued to the school system and make sure that I was also, and if we didn't take all the maximum note, we all got the sneakers of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my talents in their feet and just walking.
Another tactics I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to make it.
The spirit I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten, he walked as a rocket champion that has gotten a lot of hits.
By growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they continue to be all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think appropriate to use``hate Muslims"as a campaign.
The people I grew up with had no trouble with my faith.
Now, it seemed to worry a lot that died from hunger during the radar.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three extra months without eating, so I'll hear about the dawn when it's very easy.
Babance task in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to the dance school.
I learned how to dance with heels, I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a joke, so if my friends used heels, I also . .
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to save me, so I drank milk milk, put me hot cups on the back, and I was immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought,``It works, it works! ''
But the miraculous cure was yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga, it was a statement comedian that I couldn't stand up.
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I was in all the things.
It was like the pet department of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of less intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the glass zoo, my teachers would cry.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called Valence very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming at four winds,``At the end I'll have a role!
I have brain palsy!
In the end of it! I'm free!
Thank God all-powerful, at the end I am free.
I didn't get the paper . They gave it to Shanghai Brown.
I went to income running to the theater department director, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking him why and she told me that they couldn't make the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't make the risk stunts, you can't do the character . ''
It was a role that literally had been born and gave it to an actress without brain palsy.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a history of hearing actors without disability papers.
By graduation, I went home, and my first active tour was kind of an extra television.
My dream made reality.
And I knew that it would be a``company"to``better friend friend"in a wild.
Instead, I was there as a vase, it didn't look more than the neck, and it was evident for me that the repair directors don't hire grey, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Wolfram Goldberg, Renew Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy.
So I made me humor.
In my first tour I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first cartoon I took when I fell on the account that I was at high speed by the New Jersey Highway freeway with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monkey of the Arab world.
I never like to get the first place, but I know you never heard that little nasty rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York anniversary Management Festival, now in his 10 year . .
Our goal was to change the negative image of Neanderthals in media, and at the same time remind the repair directors that sweat and Arabic are not synonymous.
integrating Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was invited to the cable news program behind the wire with Keith Olson.
I walked in as if it went to a graduate dance, and I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the principal and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two . ''
And we were live!
So I was clinging to the desktop desk to not go out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end I had my opportunity and disappeared . I knew they wouldn't come back to us.
But not just Mr. Oldenburg came back to me, but I was like full-time participation and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Clinton was that people on the Internet are Scottish.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never get rid of me or a little girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became objects.
I see clips online with comments like,``Why? ''
\" Is it retinal? ''
And my favorite:``terrorist business.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for it . ''
A commentary suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum: guide, comedy, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Feynman, then Feynman can't make someone in chairs.
Discoveries are -- yeah, clap, man . Come on.
The disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and the most understood in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all of society to teach our children well.
My journey journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to dig through the red carpet, by the fun of the Susan Lesoti Telescope and the Louis Arizona Louis.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sandis and to work with my idol, the incredible Dave Matthews.
He's coming down the world saying,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was determined in representation of the great state in New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children of May ,"a charity organization to give the Palestinian refugees a little part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting in live, and he gave this talk to his memory.
Desponari.
I call me Mayor Zapan, and if I can, you can also.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
It lives in a small town south of Somalia.
This town is near Mahatma.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the innovation.
No one for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mahatma, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mogadishu.
After maybe a single year, nothing.
One day he's about a gentleman who offers him to take her to lunch, after dinner, to destroy.
He knows a group of people who give him a break.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family . .
They present a young man.
It's finally married.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, bursts a bomb car.
That child of that little village with dreams of the great quality was suicide bombers, and that dynamic group of people went to Shabaab, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little town of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him increasing?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call``waiting period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized, young urban urban urban people who are denseled in Johannesburg, disciplined riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the``waiting period . ''
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years old.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting period, the access door to terrorism, to violence, to the gang, will be the story of cities 2.0.
And in my hometown, Mahatma , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Madison Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being to that accelerating hospital, thinking,``If I would never have gone? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same``waiting period"?
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to join some juvenile leaders in a business.
They meet about 90 normal juvenile leaders.
We sat, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mahatma, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate, unemployed, frustrated university, it was perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
You look for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Vero years of civil war have completely destroyed the system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
And they looked at an opportunity and the journey.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started throwing motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
It bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time expanding hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it do to this different story??
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the period of wait.
It faces young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who was attending one of my meetings, Muhammad Mohammed, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted to flowers for your wedding, you were from plastic sent from the foreigners.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a public design company.
He created a farm outside of Mogadishu, and he started growing telephones and lakes, who said, could survive the last climate of Mogadishu.
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and, as he says, he will smell the proverbial pink.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought of starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put in their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, give us the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something else to start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohammed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Their Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city . .
They add children from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of waiting.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people in entrepreneurs, they go up and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Peace parks, and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about ten years old, and I went to my dad in the mountains of the Carkstad Mountains, an aggressive area north of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The cell forest.
The sun made the leaves shine as a vital, and it's not going to be the way we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to push that land.
We come to our camp.
It was a cord in a risk with sight to a beautiful criminal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a trash, about four square feet with apple heart balls, black paper balls, old quiet paper.
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The fields that were too lazy to pull what they had brought, who thought they were going to clean their garbage?
That question kept with me, and it was a little bit simplified.
Who clean our trash??
No matter how or where you put it up, who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London??
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, in order to 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel to use the uniform and take that burden??
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and interviewed people in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now not just travel in trucks . I drive them.
And I set up the mechanical scans, and I was running the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and amazing learning.
All questions about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you're very quickly used.
It costs a lot to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking on their body ton of garbage every week.
There's also danger.
According to the World State Office, waste collection is one of the top 10 dangerous conditions in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic every day and you pass around you.
They just want to pass, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and make terrible damage.
I also learned about what the garbage is.
When you get out of the body and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breath or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I think waste collection is the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons . .
It's the first public health proteins.
If you don't get rid of waste and effective and effective waste every day, this starts to melt from your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to break and start to hurt.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have a space for what the economy of the economy starts to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal its relationship.
And then there's what I call our daily daily velocity . .
So I mean simply at the speed that we used to move into the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair, clean or we take our coffee cup, our bags, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them out, we forget about them, because we know that there's a job force on the other side that's going to come from it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and sustainable city.
His job, I think, is almost long-term.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do our.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, of our own waste, our waste, and that flow should always keep one way or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing their role recycling journey as I did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank him to do her work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be fine.
We're going to be good . ''
Shortly after that, I started to investigate waste collection and I saw that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reclaim how we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of labor.
Music waste, what we think of when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses in the connection of thinking about our community life by being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from local conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addeeds Obama.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings, there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to work a lot of energy because the crystal with crystal generates heat inside, so it's really necessary.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's about a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, its appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame trying to get a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really careful with the old market, which is this open-source structure where thousands of people go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There also is that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, a number of floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by understanding the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, using all the inputs of the building.
And this is spread with an inclined atrium that creates an open air space in the building that's authenticity, in its own form, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with little businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building??
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a similar tissue to a career shell with persuasions to allow the air entrance, and also in the light, but in a filter way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the elephants.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little presented pieces that are the windows that allow the air and light in a controlled way in the inside of the building.
This is engaged with these little crystals of colors that use light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought,``That's not a commercial center . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center of the mall because at the end of account there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy self-assembly for the building in a city where electricity was cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting chemicals on the roof.
And then under those panels, we thought about the ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these legs on the roof, which are in conjunction water for the sanitation.
It's expected for the first year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the largest one that I have designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis put special attention in the middle, a structure of 1,000 years old that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's norm, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that suggests that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with playground, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density in higher levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project, is almost like breaking the community into the space.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socializing, and make things like running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping out of one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives change to local communities and local economies at the same rate that build buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple, but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had great amounts of hair, and a little story of pencils, cute . It was strong super for the states of states, very good for photography.
I finished that year and I was full of jealousy, until I took my sinister.
I was one day after the school exit . It was a little late, and I hid in the bathroom bathroom.
When the coast was stuck, I went out, I went into the classroom, took from my master's table, the calculation book.
And then I did.
I'm going to alter the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just some of them.
All of them, and I went back to the book to the box, but, to see, some of my other companions had very good notes as well.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put you all Doore rows and myself a row of that, just for being there, because I could ...
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea arose.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was unfortunately obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I woke up the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for photography.
I'm intrigued by the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so penetrate.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates are also very likely.
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of solidarity killings in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed loneliness, or long duration or sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the jealousy cells are studied in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, I would have no literature.
Well, there would be no Helvetica, there was no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no jealous king, or``The thousand and one night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
The reading list of high school reading lists, because we would be losing``The Noise and The Foundation ,"there would be no``Gatev"or``Fire ."We would lose``Madame Bomb"and``Anna K . . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Prozac . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost all of them have.
This year , 100 years of his masterpiece teacher,``I'm looking for lost time ,"the most exhibition study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary competition, my whole thing we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the scientific details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humiliation magic in the washing tea.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolfram said were as hard as cat sadness.
I don't know what the cat sadness is, but we assume it's open.
Let's see why they're so good together, the novel and the jealousy -- the jealousy and prosperity.
It will be very obvious as the jealousy, which is reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impediments, are a very solid narrative base?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
By being at the same time and audience, we know exactly what details, to clear the knife, right?
The jealousy makes us all amateur novels, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure another, perhaps right now . ''
And he starts saying to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh charm that Sarah detects in his lover, adds her to her collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sarah and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, prototype boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The jealousy is exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are the jealousy?
The jealousy is about information.
The jealousy uses the details.
The jealousy ones like big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small set of pencils.
The jealousy is from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . It's very successful.
When Sarah is in his rut of jealousy, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the services of their lover, then defend those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is remoteness, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Now, prototyping is trying to prove that the jealousy looks intensive, and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're pursuit of knowledge, truth of truth, a painful truth . In fact, the more painful the truth is, the more it is.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the pathways to the wisdom of prosperity.
He says,``One woman who needs, that makes us suffer, causes us a range of feelings much deeper and vital than a wise man who can be interested in us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to find cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals us our aggressive, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at that peculiar intensity?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very innocent young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird about that man, who didn't run in what his wife did . .
Well she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspected without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife did, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much, or does it accidentally hit a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the customer of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the jealousy makes us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more we are, the more we become the residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the jealousy is to make violent or illegal acts.
The jealousy drives us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at age eight, I recognize it . But I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
One woman of Michigan of 175 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent in the wild messages, for a year . .
For one year . A year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, reaction with admiration.
Because, we're realistic.
How big, although unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a novel of Higgs Higgs.
Hitler is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train"and``The Taliban Mr. Rious ,"books that treat how the jealousy, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what might be, can be drilled in an instant.
Take Tom Rio, his most famous character.
Tom Rio is going to burn or want what you have to get away from you, and you're going to be able to be able to be able to do what you ever have, and it's under the floor . responds to your name, you take your rings, you empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Richard.
I can't give you the world, as much as I would like.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in times of jealousy.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy? Right?
Are the novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're a mystery.
Let's go to the 2012 of Baker Street and ask for Shakespeare Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, think of the curse in the Marine Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [the Office] Lester, the head face of School Yarm who needs Hollywood desperately, needs the Hollywood genius, but he's annoyed.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lesterland needs its help, but the resonates, and the boring bubble in the fall one of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Silk of the Six Nations ,"once Hollywood comes up, he used to all with his solution, Alberto comes back to Homo and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person at School Yards who wouldn't want to shake her hand.
It's one of the times that we see Homo shaped in history . I find this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the jealousy lines as a geometry problem.
You know, in a minute, Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being it.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the jealousy is really a matter of geometry, just a question where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to be aware of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the power plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to connect.
Only the fiction destroyed the jealousy.
The fiction used the dementia, invited them to the table.
And look at what you add: the Lester Lank, the terrorist Tom Rious, the Sandal Collider, the same Mars Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of Apollo 11 and discovered on the Sea of the Taliban.
Armstrong and Jupiter were alone alone, but their presence in the surface surface, was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility time mobility in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including Apollo 1.
But before the final Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
He's walking on his surface, which Alexander after Armstrong's death last year is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back : 38,000 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 will get after, a new sense of the small sense and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kenya at the University of Rick in 1962 gives us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the Moon?
Why do you turn it into our goal??
And you might also ask, why would you scale the highest mountain?
It's 35 years ago, why on the Atlantic?
Why does Rick play against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pogue: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the East War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder the transcendence of the power of technology.
It was because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing on the Moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half of the century, the players were eradicated, and the smallpox is eliminated.
Technology seemed to be able to be able to be able to happen what Alvin Phoenix in 1970 called``acceleration force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing ship, but in 1969, the Apollo's crew 10 miles to 40,000 miles.
Since 1970, no human being turned to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10, and the joyful optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing what problems we imagine that we imagine technology to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the global population seem to be intuitive.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 Apple.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn Saturn Coffee.
I knew that this would be the last light mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists have been distracted and engaged with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a political explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you've created less ambitious companies than those of the years that Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprit, in concrete, incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment is changing the creation of traditional ideas by funding or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
I explain more what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their logical point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments, mental investments that could come out in 10 years.
The CIA . They've always had problems to invest with benefits as energy, which need a huge capital, and what development is in the long term . They have never invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars, because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from renewable sources like solar, wind and biologist -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biosphere.
We want alternative sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties include development of an alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and development of energy, and some kind of control of coal prices.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we're going to see an energy policy, or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for the time that hungry is a result of failure in food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that hungry are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for food and food repair, but there will be famine while there are bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes raise a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can, and we have, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions should support the solution; it should be really about a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, including those criteria.
But it's a traditional model in the future.
We're not in 1968.
There's no vulnerable competition as in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who has the hard and the dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'll talk about trust, and I will start to remind you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche in our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recipe: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal: We should have more trust.
And the third is a task: We should recover trust.
I think the recognition, the goal, and the task has been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a receptor, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, I mean, why people think the trust has diminished?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I get involved to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and that might have risen in others.
I don't clear it.
But I can go to the opinion surveys, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the opinion surveys over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is, the people who were described 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, still inspiring the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years is still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half a half . .
But is this evidence evidence?
What the opinion survey surveys are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Trust in politicians? Trust in teachers?
Now, if somebody would ask you,``Do you trust the vertebrates?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the elementary teachers? ''
You probably start to ask yourself,``What? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, trust in some, but in others not . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to identify trust differently.
We don't assume that the trust level that we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it was not a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but not perhaps to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is differentiated, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract ways?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to organize good judgment in the fact of trusting something or in somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
That's not the goal I'm going to pursue.
I would argue to have more confidence in what's deserve deserve, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a pastor of not trusting what's not reliable.
And I think that those people who were devoting their savings with the very closely named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I believe, well, they were too confident.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It trust department or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say that, it says, yeah, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is doing a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain aspects.
And I think that in order to do a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competitive in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a trust . .
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but not trust them to take a letter to the email, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competitors.
And I'm very happy to say that I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely dishonest.
If it's like this, I still haven't noticed.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before it trust.
The trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we need to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that they made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party, and he said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paperwork than the game itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness and trustworthiness tests, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is we can figure out the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the midwives, to tell them that``shake the boxes"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
Everything, all of that, for the goal.
I think that the goal should be more reliable, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we will transmit them to the people that we're trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, functional or politicians are trustworthy.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, which is not right.
Third, the task.
I'll call the task to rebuild trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we're giving them other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give you enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you've also got to take a picture of some of you that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks, says I can give you out of explanation.
I take them up and get my money back, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great . Trust in them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good test that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're aiming for is not a very difficult thing to describe.
In what people trust are in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginnings of computers, we've been working on reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the screen world where imagination can be broken.
This separation has been shrinking, increasingly and more, at such a point that is today less than one millimeter, the glass of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wonder, if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
I first created this tool that is in digital space, so that when the screen strong against the screen transforms its physical body to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, the barriers break.
But the two hands are still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity in your hands?
In the Apple Science division, along with my mentor Carter Blook, I checked the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get into the inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and files have a location in real space, select it is as easy as to grab a book of a shelf.
You can take the book and take lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and reverse things online.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
So what I have here is an online test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make it physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future look like like that?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hydran Ishii and my collaborator Red Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplified, what we did was encourage gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
And you can teach physically and at the distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality, the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monitors or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something, but it will start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to get rid of our world.
We start talking about today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Huntington, China, in the '70s . ''
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my tiger mother said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After survival the Cultural Revolution, they believed strongly that there was only a close path towards happiness: a safe, very good job.
No matter whether the work would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese singer singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start to train from very young to learn the contributions, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I was written to the school director, and the lobby of a radio program.
But no adults gave the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends beat me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared, that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I was looking for another vocation.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It turns out the books.
[" Complete Wars") Sandolder (`` The History of The History") I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Good Earth"is about life camp.
And it's not convenient propaganda . I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``Honor to your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this controlled guilt trap and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
I encounter a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
Complex reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like complex religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it as well in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can treat people [`` Benjamin Franklin"by David Island) [`` John Adams"by David McCann, who were involved in a subject, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For Buddha, they are all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages.
[" The Road Ticket Time"] Thomas Wars] Instead of losing in translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy ."Ha!
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from past and present.
I know I will not feel alone or powerless.
Having a devastating dream really is nothing compared with what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that the performance is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where passion comes from.
Even a broken dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So, books always rise to them.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy client.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman called Alex.
Alex went into the first session using vaporials and a honest pad, and he turned on the couch of my office, he took the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I was so relieved.
My class company had a bird as a first client.
And to me, I took a temperature I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to sessions, it made me easy only to move my head while we took the solution.
\" The terrorists are the new 20s ,"he said Alex, and what I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you're home after, you have kids later, to death happens later.
For the 20s like Alex and I had time of dreaming.
But soon later, my supervisor pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Of course, it's coming out with guys underneath your category, you get up with a head, but it's not as if it's to marry it . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Still not, but maybe it's married with the next.
In addition, the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before he gets married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex's 20 to their development.
This made the 20 of Alex Alex was the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for careers, families and the future of the temperatures everywhere.
There are 50 million 20s in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one gets to adulthood without going through the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the Vegas here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with the 20s, you love a Venezuela, you take your sleep a temperature, I want to see . Okay . Amazing, the truth matters.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments,``Aha!"that shapes its life to have happened to when they're 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact about how many money they will win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out of their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and reproduces for adulthood, which means that if there's something they want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its top at the age of 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options . .
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where their daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the 20s are hearing.
newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are charged by the notebooks as``Tracks"and``drugs"and``drugs . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think it happens when you give you palm on your head, and you say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, intelligent, interesting, kind of like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this:``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as I start a career before the 30, everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound like this:``My 20 are about to end and I still have nothing to show.
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this:``My dates during the 20th were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and they're fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music came and everybody started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the versions here??
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a bit extreme, but they don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s, there's a huge pressure to the '30s, and so many of you to start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The crisis of the average average age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of trees and cars look at themselves, and to me, sit in the room, and talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking about? ''
I want to change what the 20s are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he couldn't be decided, so I spent the last few years working as a matter.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living 20 very difficult 20, their life had been even more difficult.
I would cry often in our sessions, but then it took herself by saying,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came his head on his legs and crying for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new freedom for directors, and I had spent all morning with his many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that followed after the words``In case of emergency, please call me . ''
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have a self-definition accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer? ''
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say,``Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapist that really cares.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit as the decisive decade of Emma went ahead.
So over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the 20s, man or woman, deserves knowing.
First, I told Emma to forget from that identity crisis and get capital capital.
Because of identity capital, I mean doing something that I add value to your person.
Doing something that's an investment in what you want to be after.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generating capital capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that interest, of that company they want to test.
I'm not taking the exploration of the temporary exploration, I'm wasting the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's productivity.
I told Emma to explore jobs, and I would make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are great to take to the airport, but the temperatures who are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's going to go almost always come from the nearest circle.
New things come from what's called weak angiogenesis friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the 20s have a bad job or not work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to connect this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, then to know the chief of your neighbor is the way you get a job of work.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a temperature, Emma soon will choose his family, when he has a partner and form her own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think the 30 is better age to feel like the 20 or even the 25, and I agree with you.
But I'll choose the person that you live with now or you're scared now when everybody on Facebook starts walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work . .
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill your time with whatever you are.
So what happened with Emma?
Well, we checked that direction, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped you get a job there.
That labor supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, he loves his new family, and he sent me a letter that said,``Now the emergency spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with.
It's very easy to help them.
The 20s are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which come out somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight tied in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at the age of 21 or to the age of 25, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good break, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations . .
Here's my idea worthy of spreading all the temperatures you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I've got the privilege of telling TEDsters as Emma every day: The terrorists are not the new 20, they recognize their adult, they get capital of identity, they use their weak links, they choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky job in management consulting for a work that was even more picky: the money.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh degrees in public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing . tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, it was calculated.
What called me the attention was that I.Q . wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better performance didn't have CO2 scores.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me to think.
The kind of things you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way to measure.
It's the CIA, but what if you succeed in school and in life depends much more than the ability to learn rapidly and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the West Point West Point.
We tried to predict what trucks would stay in military training and who would retreat.
We went to the National Center of Defense, and we tried to predict what children are going to move away the most possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning of their students??
We associate with private companies, wondering, what of these marketers are going to keep their job work?
And who will win more money?
In all these very different contexts, it came up with a feature as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q . .
It was the determination.
The determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to hang up to its future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it's a marathon, not a race at all speeds . .
A few years ago, I started studying determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then waiting about more than a year to see who they graduated.
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly greater odds of graduate, even when I experienced them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or at the National Center of Defense in which the determination matters, and it's also in school, especially for kids in risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a robust job ethic?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is, I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or even related to the talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol December, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Beck has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they're much more likely to persuade when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the mindset of growth is a big idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech will end, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all over new with the lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as a chaotic daughter, one of my greatest memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreigners, it seems to be as improvisation as the Great Wall China.
Over the last few years, I've been wondering if I can run this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this language sophisticated.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method to learn Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw every one of the features of every single character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They opened their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
Get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
People.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if it's screaming in a very cool way,``Australia! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way, which works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
Moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple door doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the old saying, two are companies, three are a crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, such as Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
You'll put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fires together, it's very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two soldiers together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out of the horizon . He's going to love.
A door . You put a table inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did I play, is there somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, escape, evaporate.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, they have care is adult.
So we've already happened for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters build another 32.
So with every small effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing that's learning an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after I met the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked up on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese entrepreneurs destroyed their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become going out.
A mouth that tells you where you're going to get out of it.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four, we saw the magician of Oz together.
The movie dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glanding, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We are now living and raised to our children in a kind of an industrial complex show of childhood.
However, the magician of Oz was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a year later in the late year with, interestingly, another movie whose protagonists, a metal kid, and a hair kid rescued a girl who was dressed as a guard of enemy.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Wizard magician and all the movies we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Wizard magician.
monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz did today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the sale of Oz as the prophecy predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated army.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Wizard magician is that the most heroic, wiser characters are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of oversight had gone down . So he stopped in the room, and he was impressed as a mom leg with his courtyards behind, and I don't think he understands what was going on, but, inevitably, he was absorbing everything.
I wonder what perceived.
Would you be value issues, perseverance and loyalty??
Would you have the sense that Luke joined an army to defeat government?
Let's compare this with the 1980s magician.
How do you win your movie?
It's doing good goods with everybody and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Oz, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are . .
Why is there so much for capital C, force in the movies for our children, and so little from yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the Princess Act did not provide the right framework that I would have served me to navigate the world of adults that I think at the time of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to start appearing because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why do you stand there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and to defend the Disney princess to any of you.
But send a message to kids, even though they, the kids, are not really their target audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Iran and Katie, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful topic of all time continues to appear in classic after classical, each of them on the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who are eating a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out.
And I recommend all of you . It's already available in shops.
Remember what the critic said when it came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop!
Well, almost none of these movies is the proof of Beck.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not taken roots and it's spread, but maybe today we will start a movement.
Alexis Beck is a comic book drawing, and in the mid-'80s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of the evaluation of the movies they saw.
And it's very simple.
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point of the movie?
Your conversations are about something more than the kid you like? Okay? Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, August.
Right? But it's the Russians of Oscar, clay success, a consensus idea of what a movie Hollywood movie is.
It's practically not the proof of Beck.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the crisis of the hostages.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``Do you come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a greater number than this one that's going to figure out this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what I said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is there is a lot of sexual streams.
Who are those guys? What are those guys learning?
What don't you do learn?
You're looking at the story that you say the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talk?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as being able to make poverty, and we hope that that helps, but I have to ask, do I have to be able to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to maintain their male power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is changing radically.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role that's taking care of the home and the cliff . .
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Wars was, what did he responded?
William.
Witness Kenya and Gland.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son . .
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my son is told: Go and fight alone and more stories where his job is seen to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and better people, like the magician of Oz.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and archaeology.
And finally when I began to study a geologist, I realized that to see my own eyes was not enough.
Because, suddenly in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length next to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta Delta called Bergy.
And the place, in the simple view, seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the actual chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
Iraq was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years at a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the favela, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the old Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Iraq was located somewhere near the top of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge plant of rain.
This area is enormous, it's about six for 4,000 miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to Italy, and as he changed over time, he moved to this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a haystack, with your eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA players to make a map of the place, very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile was flying.
But you can see more carefully, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Italy.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs; you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the shots of sample in ice, but instead of climate change layers, we seek human occupation layers.
Five feet down, under a thick thick layer of mud, we found a dense layer of ceremony objects.
This means that in this potential location of Italy, five feet below, we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that's going to take the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Italy.
We also found poker jobs, coral, cheese and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewel, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite tissue shop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a close future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young people in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make big discoveries.
I want to finish with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, I was probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the largest of all the volcanoes.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So apparently, TED was not founded in 1984 . C.
It makes ideas happen really in 1984 to C in a lost city not for a long time and found from high.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of your house.
I want you to pay attention to the door color, to the material that you're doing.
Now they visualize a group of obese holes in bicycles.
They're competing in a node of bicycles and they're in direction to their door door.
I need to see this really.
They're standing strong, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go next to the side, rays of the wheels they end up in absurd places . They pass the threshold threshold.
On the lobby, to the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the shine light on the Galapagos monster.
You're waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue ball making them tickle in the nose.
They can smell the oats of oats, and it's about to get into the mouth.
They pass on the side and train their living room.
It's already in the room, and doing a maximum use of its imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with a little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing``High Bay One Time Times . ''
Now give me to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow bricks, and from the oven comes to you Doradouts, the Hollywood man, the Spanish and the lion of``The Wizard of Oz ,"advanced from hands, jumping to you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that's taken every spring in New York.
It's called the``Memorakage manuscript of the United States . ''
And I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I suppose, that this was like the end of a survivor of wisdom.
There were several men, and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize with higher ease of a ship ship.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people must be a phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realize that you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition says they have normal memory.
\" We've been trained to make these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that were used to memorize their speeches, and the medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I have heard about this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition, and Ed, who's a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit excited, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
You know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I would like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a live sailing ship, on national television . .
That would test the world that anyone can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me . .
You know, you have to start for something right? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up spending most of the year's next year not just training my memory, but also by investigating it, trying to understand how it works, why doesn't sometimes work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EP.
He's a smartphone, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Somebody incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how far our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peter . He was based on Dumba Hoffman's role in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone books; it was dinner.
And when I go back, I read a lot of treaties about written memory, about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of being trained, disciplined and cultured was not one as rare as you can see today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, and they will usually provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they have also changed us.
They have changed us culturally, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we have almost no need to remember, sometimes it seems that we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate by this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and cultured is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular; there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of university researchers of London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structure or dramatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually, no.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compared them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they wrote their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow of snow, found that in memory champions, they light parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is handle as a armed race where every year comes in with a new way to remember more things, more rapidly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Princeton, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 ships of distant sailing sailing that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just mastered . .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,000 random binary digital digits.
Yes . Yes . Yeah.
And while there's a great amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call``electric coding . ''
It illustrates with a paradox known as the``Battery"paradox . [Baker says the following: I tell two people who remember the same word . I tell you,``Remember there's a man named Baker . ''
That's his grandfather.
And then I ask them,``Remember, there's a battery.
And when I go back later, and I ask them,``Remember that word I told you about a while? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who said their job is``battery . ''
Same word, different memory capacity; that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
And with all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word``bamboo ."We know panels.
They use white hats.
They have flour in the hands.
They smell good when they come home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting sophisticated links to be able to do it easily at some point . .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data for 2,500 years in the ancient Greece Greece Greece.
It's known as the path of memory.
History says like this: There was a poet called Simon that attend a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring to a DJ, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he remembered his poem of memory, and he ran, and he was so soon, the winner room collapsed.
Let's kill everyone.
But it didn't only kill everyone, but it destroys the bodies.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't understand the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Similar, stop outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with your eyes of your mind, you could see where you had been sitting every invited.
He took the family in their hand by taking them where their loved ones were.
What you're scared at at that time is something that we all know about intuitively, and it's that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions to words for our colleagues, we have visual memory and remarkable space.
If you asked them to remind me the first 10 words of the story I've just told you about Simon, it's very likely that it's very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who was sitting on the parallel horse horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with your eyes' eyes and put it from images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy, widening, funny, awkward and apathy is the image, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years, to the first treatment treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work??
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and you want to make it memory, the same way that Cicero had done if you had invited it to TEDGlobal 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're in your doorstep.
And you can see some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy, unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inadequate competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Mountain Gallery mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you they want to present their friend Ed Cook.
And then you'd see Britney Spears to remind us that funny anecdote you want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth theme that they would talk about would be that strange journey they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
That's how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not words for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact the term``typical"comes from the Greek Grandfather, which means``place . ''
It's a testament when people thought about the sentence and the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase``first ,"it would be like the first place in its memory palace.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I was standing in that.
I went to some of these memory competence and had the idea of writing something extraordinary about this substance of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a competition of memory is a purely boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking exams . I mean the most exciting thing that happens is when someone's massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in these people's minds, but I have no access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put in the place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school farm bought in a lung market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, comical, private images, insulators, abstractions and increased eyes, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty upset with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape just leaving two holes, because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up going back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could be able to enter, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could be a good choice for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary to be able to build memory sticks or memorize barriers of sailing, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it was an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we deeply concentrate.
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of them don't walk around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things get memorable.
And if there's something I want to leave you with today, it's what E, the yellow that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what's already our short existence in the Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we so harmful that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you should be the kind of person who remember remembering.
Thank you.
I'll talk today about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll just take a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from X Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Libraria, and this was my kid bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that I shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the toilet, there was a balcony that I gave to the living room.
And there everybody was looking at the cloth, and so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all look at me, and every time I shower and I got wrapped into a towel, they all look at me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no division of areas, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel on the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little bit of naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you do: think of power, stability, and democracy.
And I know you think about it so that you can be based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a sense that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a lot, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we used it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build . urbanization and governments, always have fear to innovation, and prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Limballous that was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, which let Liberty tries to communicate with this building: children, ownership values, history . .
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the principle of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that constantly drive new technologies, new kinds of skills, new solutions for the current life forms.
Let's drive, push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All black, this is depressed . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and come back to those appropriate symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like tracks, so we start experimenting again; we make the pendulum back forward, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the 1970s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called``stressful . ''
It has to do with the concrete.
You can guess that.
Small windows, in democratic scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the pendulum back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know they like and update them.
We add down and add pills and use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We take Captain weapons and we turned them into skyscrapers, which can be made of glass.
The shapes were depleted, they won in audacity and colorful.
The wings became columns.
The skies grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the anger in commercial centers, moving to neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian . .
It's probably a symphony of bread sticks.
This is what happens to the holes.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Toyota.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated, and we start making the pendulum back into the other direction.
In the '80s, in the early '90s, we started experimenting with so-called destruction.
We're destroying historic symbols; we now count with new computer design techniques, and we find new compositions, a few ways that star against other forms.
This is academic and a broad, and it's super important; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the plastic pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building was opened.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academic and public in general, were completely agreed about a building.
The New York Times did this miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, September.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media was valuable around them, and we quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This new millennium phenomenon happened with other stars star.
He went to Zack and Liberia, and what happened with these little elite architects on the threshold of new millennium, actually began to happen with all architecture . digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The speed technology . You can see in the newspapers, on the fabric, and at the end, we all are architecture photographers, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building . .
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before I know if the one that I designed four years ago was a success or not . .
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were.
That's never going to happen . Because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevator, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to media, it starts to fly faster and faster, until you're in both extremes almost in simultaneously, and it's effectively distributed the difference between innovation and symbols, between us, architects, and you, the public.
We can now make symbols almost instant, with emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company recently ended.
We were hired to replace this building that came out.
This is the center of a village called Peters in Finance Island in the state of New York.
It's a community community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as drawings looked exactly to the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started getting and shared in social media, the building stopped being only a building, it became a medium of communication, because these are not just a building of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruption with collective memory, and by carrying these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think of architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those library libraries.
If that building was built today, we first went to the Internet in search for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experiments, of innovation, about what a library can be . .
That's manipulations.
Movements that can take the mayor of Licklider, to the people in Liberia, and tell you that there is no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiment.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer the mysterious creatures that use violent words and complicated drawings, and one is not a destructive audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't leave it for architecture.
That means that the moral pendulum of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems that are facing society.
This is the end of the story of architecture, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different from buildings today . .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sweden can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick with ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will ultimately be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are limited to nature's capabilities and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River of New York, and it will take half a million dollars of the community united around that cause, no longer is a customer.
It means no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion pavilion, as massive and fiber as the animals that you're going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build . .
Architects already know how to do more ecological, smarter buildings and more friendly.
We've been waiting for you all.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides anymore.
They find an architect, to keep it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they shape it until the smallest spaces: local libraries, homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical way of kids in a year, warming, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things you like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and chip, and it gives itself these big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And it made me think,``When stopped doing this?
How is it that suddenly we're not about with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking for Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is Faiza, he's 13 years old and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a little scary, it's a little confused, because, even though your mom tells you the whole thing that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you it's ugly.
So between what his mom says and what his friends, or the school teammates, they tell them, doesn't know who to believe.
So he does a video of herself, he posted it in YouTube, and he asks others who please leave a comment,``Am I nice or am I happy? ''
Okay, so far, Faiza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting, which is not even worth thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, who receives these responses in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life . .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate like this.
But what are you carrying to do this??
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving``I like ,"eating, sharing, publishing, this never ends up.
Never before we've been so connected, continuously, in an instant way, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in his room every night . ''
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implanted.
This environment, of being always connected, is running our kids to supply based on the number of``I love"they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what's manipulated digitally.
What is the scariest thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are cover from the girls's news.
Zero logging models continue to dominate our gaps.
The technical technique is now a routine.
And trends like,``Highay, hydrogen, biologist and prosthetic . ''
For those who know it, it makes user means regulatory.
These trends are associated from women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the superheroes of sports, and the remote singers.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our kids to grow healthy and be very good individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributes to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in classrooms . They avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspects.
One in five are not attending classes at all over the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see enough enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a less than the average of your peers who don't worry about that.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's regardless of what actually weigh these young people.
So, so that, of course, we're talking about how you see you, not how you are really . .
The low self-esteem on its body is undermining academic performance.
And it's also documenting health.
Teenagers with little self-esteem make less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more diagnostic diets that can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in the greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all of this because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and damage damage.
The pursuit of perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they have overweight, regardless of whether they have or they don't have greater rates.
17 percent of women don't present a job interview in a day where they don't feel secure with the way they look.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
To release this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first one is that we have to include trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are lots of programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, will start the situation.
So, we should make sure that the program that our children follow not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial game points for anybody willing to provide an education in body self-esteem.
A education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the risks in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell with the character of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or insight that the determination or success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not as they look.
All of us can start by making responsibility by the kind of images and comments we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: when was the last time you kissed a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow to value their whole person, value the individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that come out in the big screen, because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they see they're never getting them who are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who has in mind?
Your wife?
Her sister?
Her daughter?
Is his niece? Her friend?
It could be just the woman who is at two seats of distance . What would it mean for it if it was released from that automated voice inside that, which doesn't have long legs, more thin museums, a more flat wheel, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were to overcome this, and we would say,``Does it go into its potential that way? ''
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us everybody.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
We teach that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small suits of a year old today, they become safe change agents themselves.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Shanghai Sark entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder the Reasa Mellon Kashles leader leader.
To do it initially decentralized it, but being rewarded by other minor charges, in company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily those plans are frustrated by a FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't avoid.
He later would be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Elizabeth Lesty is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, primary school teacher, between two did everything for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, including most Muslims, come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to desire the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are so deeply attached to their convictions that think we have to use all the possible media so they all lived like them.
A few months before he sat down, he sat with me, and he explained that in the last weekends, he and some friends, had been going to a tour training in Long Island, to practice . .
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Carter Pandora Zoo that, without knowing our group, was alive by the FBI.
When I got to throw, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained to me how to put the target to about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I gave the little orange light on the target and, for surprise of all, especially me, the whole goal in the flames.
My uncle became others and in Arabic, he said,``Well, August Abraham . ''
From such father, such a child.
All of us, the comment made them a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a card up with 700 pounds of explosion in the underground parking of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and killed other 1,000 others.
I admired those men.
I called them``bitter"which means you.
When I turned 19, I had been moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near somebody already was time to packing and go to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class, it was a victim victim.
I was able to secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and regime, was enough ammunition.
So most of the time it's going on home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, to grow under funding, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a presentation program in which I participated in the Journal National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a killing victim almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days out of the light, and I realized that there was no animation between two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and frankly I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had made me believe that it was incredible.
Another crucial moment came out when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life was taught to me that homosexuality was a sin, and for extension, all the homosexuals were bad influences.
By accident, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most cheaply and less critical that I had seen in life.
By having been aware of a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
That's why I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that's about being gay, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the``Daily Show . ''
Every night, Jon Stewart became intellectually honest about my intolerance, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my career figure at a moment where I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would conserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who had suffered enough with endless diagnosis and said,``I am tired to hate . ''
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred inside.
My real name is not Zach American.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, someday, who is trying to take violence, I can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, although I was conditioned to this violent, vertical ideology, I didn't get a fan . .
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, and the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak, against those meaningless acts, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simplicity, I'm exposed here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that kids don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much.
At this moment, there's a movie that's projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multi-toice film.
It's in 3D, and it has superficial sound of what you hear, and you see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has guns, taste and texture . .
feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected before your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the movie is you who experiment everything in the direction.
This film is your consciousness flow, the subject of the experience of mind and the world . .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you . .
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a own consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies??
Why aren't we just robots that we've got to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie??
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I lost that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior objective, the neuroscience studied the brain objective, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After , 20 years ago, everything began to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said,``Now it's time for science to bring consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of science science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Hawking introduced a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why . .
I'd like to explain to explain that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness, and the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they will correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
Without neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I didn't tackle the real central mystery of this matter: why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is it a subjective internal movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, give them a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon as the nudges, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emerging are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the nudges operate, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and mix the living organisms . They're all questions about the objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; all of these questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that every behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the computer that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're scared at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, great explanations . We used chemistry, the chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know yet how . .
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there's no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion . .
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything you need.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a purely reductionist theory, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply to deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They make fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of anything more basic.
In the contrary, you consider fundamental, and there you build the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is slipped.
In the 19th century, Muhammad discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton laws, so I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and it points the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those rule laws.
I think that's the situation that we find consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then by a matter of logic, you have to take the list.
The most natural thing would be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be aware of the consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that it's suddenly not the object of science.
It opens the way to manage it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can take them in a rowing.
The situation of consciousness is something like that.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can show them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called perspectives:``bread"for all,``psychopath"for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a photon can be filled with heartbreak when you think,``Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow and smell the pink . ''
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anyone think something so crazy??
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illogical, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, it is linking consciousness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something really exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Giusi Tennis, took this kind of theory and developed it reasonably with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which I call Pino, which measures the degree of information embedded in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high police degree, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there is an average degree of information integration, very significant, very significant awareness degree.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of the piece is.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Monterey theory, there will still be a level of a different consciousness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degrees of piece, high grade of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that perspective can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explained,``Where does the fire come from? ''
From the peer vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, peaceful vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think I shouldn't eat anything that I had consciousness, so I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a nightmare and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think thinking about it well, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie``Hey"?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of penguins, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, it's being planted very serious ethical problems about the development of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics to turn them up.
Finally, you can ask for complete collective consciousness, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, a integrated group, as the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED collective awareness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take seriously.
So this piece of picture, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, which consciousness is something fundamental, that from the second, that it's universal.
Now, vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally try to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I took my friends together, fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's a obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile on my mother's hair, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series``Buddha The Vasing Super"and``Dadded's Creek . ''
Yeah, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement, if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes in the 11th class of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give you your speech? ''
And I said,``What speech? ''
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of difficulty for a good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, talk about institutional things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the act of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as an inspiration objects.
And we're not . And it's not a guy's fault, it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our butterflies.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire . .
And, in fact, I'm in this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting to inspire them . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to give me spiritually.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, they've sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing, A capital, M capital.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make you except.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You might have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one,``Your excuse is integrity . ''
Or this one,``Before I leave, intense! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a huge amount of them.
It may be you've seen one, from the girl without drawing with a pencil supercomputer.
You may have seen a child who runs with orthopedic fibers of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And it uses the term term deliberately, because they're taking a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we challenged the disabled disabled people.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad, it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been strange by wanting to express that they think I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens to before my job had a public profile.
It was kind of like me to get married in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to make a chance.
These images, those images are taking people with disabilities in benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
So we had some things.
But the things we get is not the things that you can think about.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I'm overwhelmed by the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live than because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very crowded with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of their capacity as well as you do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those photos as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to make them the way we do, by sharing those images?
When people say,``You're a source of inspiration ,"it says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we have sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't . .
And I know what they're thinking.
I'm here breaking the inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Steve, are you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
I learn that it's a great idea to use a little bit of a barbecue stacks to collect the things that are falling to me . I learn the trick of how to carry the mobile phone battery on the chair of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that's exciting and makes us care.
I really think that that lie that we have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us difficult.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a staircase train has never done it becomes a ramp.
Never . To smile to a television screen won't make the subtitles appear for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and branching a positive attitude to convert all those books to the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``Buddha the Vasingos Superman"doesn't consider no deserve of anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in a high school school is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair . wheelchair.
Dissemination doesn't make us exceptional, but question what you think to know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a blood bar?
Unfortunately, today only to answer one of those questions, so, please don't mess.
When people actually think augmented, they think of``Minority Report"and Tom Cruise pointing the hands in the air, but augmented reality is not fiction fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality increases to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing: Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
It will allow you to experience what's a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what's running through the game camp to 100 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds man will lie us, trying to tell us all of their own.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Glass Glass is using under the helmet, and giving you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NFL practice, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klein: We go.
It's horrible to be taggole.
A moment . Get a little bit.
prepared?
Go!
Chris Klein: As you can see, it's a forecast of what's being captured in the football field from the petriat perspective.
You may have realized that people, the rest of the equipment.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Marine Moriarty: Mice 54! Mice 54!
Blue 8, Blue 8! Go!
Chris Klein: This is a little bit closer to the feeling, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they have asked me in YouTube and Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field market.
Or a runners?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get it full? How do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called October Rift, which surely many you know.
The Rift Ocean has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'll show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh, oh!!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking their life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a catalog with the arm before running and making an notation? what will the experience of a fan.
When can I be months running through the tent, throwing the ball in the bottom of the network, or Federal doing a fit in Wikipedia?
What will its experience be when it goes from a mountain to over 100 miles like a Olympic skier?
Maybe it's increased by adults for adults.
But this is not really augmented.
It's just virtual reality, RISD.
How do we achieve reality, Richard?
We will achieve reality when the coaches, the mangroves and the owners look at what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief report about technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore Poles put a test to his field puppet to play faster.
You won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster . .
In 1994, the NFL placed radio in the campaigns of the field markets and then in the defense . .
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2025, imagine you're a player coming back to your group, and you see their next game shown in front of you, in a plastic soup that you carry, you won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
or to memorize strategy.
They just go into the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose games, and they hate them to lose games.
If you lose games, you get a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of enhanced strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way of playing the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are below.
You also get information from the self-definitions and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad will have information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the data analysis stop being just for nerds.
It will be also for sports . Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that it's a field marker.
You get the balance and return.
You're looking for an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flower on the left side of your bombsight, you have a defense behind you is going to attack you . Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the R system will beat you.
You go to the protection area.
Another flower tells you that there's an open receptor.
You toss the balance.
And the balance loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receptor sees in its bombsight an area of grass that lights and can modify the race.
It approaches, it grabs the balance, running and anonymity.
The audience will make it, and the fans have followed the game from each angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game.
I'll have lots of people to see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality augmented to be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to promote empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in somebody else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports elites.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you live?
How much is it also for a Hubble Commander or a Nicko Desert Foundation trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than three-dimensional notes and Kardashian?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality goes up.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire me after 23 years of service in the Highagan Patrick of California.
Most of those 23 years, I spent my country by practicing the southern South County county, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful visions of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its architectural style inspired.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1979.
Joseph Strauss, an engineer who was unable to build the bridge, he said,``The bridge is practically proof of suicide.
So suicide from the bridge is neither practical or likely . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will take it to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such, so that the fall from it releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down under your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a five to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of those who drill vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that don't, normally take place in the helpless and then drowned.
I don't think that the ones that are telling this method of suicide is about the death that they're facing.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 parallel steel steel.
This is where most people stop before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer by contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the road through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who care about suicide, but the officials also.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officers.
This is Jason Garrett.
I met it on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the mountain near the center.
It responds, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to two times before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, we asked ourselves if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Zetas created Pandora, and he sent her to Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
She came out of pests, sorrows, and all kinds of evil against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
He stopped a few instant, leaned on the right, and he went.
This nice, smart guy in New Jersey just removed life.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collateral damage of suicide affects many people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved out suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, not just to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understanding.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think that someone is suicide, you don't have fear to confront them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Others in similar circumstances have thought about taking their life; you have these thoughts? ''
To confront the person in front can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to better improve -- matters, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read you your letter.
She lost his son on January 19 this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read them.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at the TED conference . ''
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite numb, but by noticing more times to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from petition to San Francisco to see the depth of the 99 with his father on January 19 . .
It never came there.
I called the police of penicillin, and I repeated it as a disappeared that night.
The next morning, two offices came home and reported me that the Mike car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at the age of 1850 the day before.
Thank you so much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who has not been before without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
The GDP, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery . .
Good luck this week, Richard . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and check the way her son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I refer to hope and value . .
On March 11 , 2005, he responded to a radio call by a possible subject subject in the bridge of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle through the sidewalk and I looked at this man, Kevin Bruno, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed immediately the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the time and a half, I heard as Kevin talked about their depression and despair.
Kevin decided by his account that day will come back about that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he's happy.
\" This is a new start, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did it make to go back and give your hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``You hear me.
They let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Mr. Brown, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is following us.
So, honestly, Kevin was celebrating for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
I took Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unaware of all those inherited traits, but, thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says . says.
We give God for you.
Very much in debt with you, Nairobi Berlin . ''
And at the end she writes,``PM . When I visited San Francisco's General Hospital that night, you would figure out how the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Now, Kevin is a career and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
So suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, I broke the opportunity to meet it.
This is what suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about joining another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Usually, this is only achieved in three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved in, I just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I narrow my hand in three times.
In the final airplane, I looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I went out.
Awful, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact on that bridge is not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and alive, and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one that they put aside the gang was realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connects Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each of us should strive to do.
suicide can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question marks: How do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt I finally had the dream that I had ever had from a child.
My outside finally led to my inner truth, with my inner self . .
For complicated reasons, the ones I'm going to refer later, when I look at this picture, I think,``The Google Way ,"you get it, you go.
But the October past, I discovered that, just, I'm starting.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the courage to release, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color color or by the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always defy the status quo, which is considered.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignore my story.
I think this puzzle is called representation.
This is mine.
I was recorded as``kid"by born because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I am a girl . ''
I knew how to get out.
Gender has always considered an unchanging fact, but we now know that it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it will be what I'm bad at, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate.
Every day I appreciate being women.
I have mom, dad and family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, a goddess of the children.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still wore a man, I met this woman called T.
It's the principal of a transparent beauty competition.
That night she said,``Why haven't you involved in the beauty competition? ''
He said to me that if she participated she would come out of the transportation spending and the dress, and that night, she won in bathroom, she won on golf suit, and he was third between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty queens.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of beauty of transparent women, but I can . .
I also met the goddess goddess, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But most importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me, and told me that they passed my set of the green card that could go live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know, if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the gender identity? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two``and"to my name.
She also accompanied me when he operates me in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they do the most prestigious, sophisticated and safe surgeries.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the Giant name and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means power or power, but for me, it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears looked at minimals.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think of this woman, August Netrees.
A young woman in New York who basically lived his truth, but, contempt, put his life end.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All the 20 of November, we do a global surveillance by the World Heritage Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who stick and stood to injustice.
This is Marshall P Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing, so that some day there are no more surveillance of November November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT: Giant, a quick question.
GG: Sure . You'll see, first, thank all my blessings.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women, and I've managed, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all get a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put the table on the topic that sometimes that assistant assistant doesn't square, and that there should be a space that allows people to engage, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transparency movement is beginning compared with gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understood.
There should be a space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who's known for his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malaysia started his campaign for education defending their rights in 2007, and when they were drowning their efforts in 2011, when he got her efforts back in 2011, he got very famous, very famous girl, a very popular girl in his country . .
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father . .
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when when you're born a girl, your birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not for your father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes, gives her attention to mother and no one congratulate to the father.
And a mother is very overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, you eat, and with the hope of a child, when you remove your third daughter, you feel guilty as a criminal . .
Not only the mother suffers, but the daughter . The newborn daughter, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and school admit their siblings.
Until the age of 12, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into the adolescence, when it's 13 years old, it's projected to get out of your house without a male cliff.
He's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he transcribed the code of that honor, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this source code of honor, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joys of their life and the happiness of their sisters in name of honor.
And there's one more norm of the patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because you don't want to be a breakfast.
If you're very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, you'll call it breakfast.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet:``The house, they love it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
I loved brothers and sisters, when Mal was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly nose, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legitimate legislation of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Marily from Maxwell, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years, I admired it in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
They can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child's life.
Research in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An admission to school means it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was looking at the Canadian visit form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the bonds of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my writing sisters in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give to my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and my daughter's satisfaction.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encouraged it to go to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mali.
I've hit all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emotion.
I teach my daughters, teaching students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I teach students to forget the lessons of the Solive call.
They wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the California.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the girls exhausted and killed singers.
They suffered millions, but a few of them talked, and it was terrifying to have all those people who kill and hold when you talk for your rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10, Malaysia was lifted and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentary, and he talked on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads like a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine of October in October 2012, shooting him to burn in his head.
It was a data day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife,``Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And I was saying,``Please don't blame you.
Defense the cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and joined you.
Both were on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words mean a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Mal was in the hospital and he had severe pain and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was extended by my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm good with my awkward smile and my face.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a colleague for us, and we were happy.
And we wanted brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
You fight with your brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What's about special in my tutor that has been so bold to Mali so brave, expressive and equation? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut your wings and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the group of Google, where I've had a currency to my charge -- the visualization of Google X's visualization, but all the work I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's an stigma when you get to a brain operation.
You're still the same smart or not?
Of not being, can you be smart?
After the neurosurgery, I got a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the deadly part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I had to decide about combinations and mix mix, and try to get them, to keep living.
More than one time I've saved myself.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal doses, because there's really no clear map that I say it in harm.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my authenticity, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case: for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of the 20s, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I believed that it was the smartest person around the world, and -- of course, many times in the past I've met several kinds of things like this, or maybe some of these terrible versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, fixing a problem that had in front of the front, and it simply doesn't happen.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my dose.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to achieve . When we adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, it was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to? I'll try new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Filaments like humility, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are those who are questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So, after several years, I'm able to find the right point, and I have lots of great mental, really vivid, very good sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination, just to address the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract his head music?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're quite close to this with two recent experiments made by two degrees in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan made by Giussan Gates and their colleagues of Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person's brain that looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by laughing the contents of the central column on the left, and you see that the difference is almost zero.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost zero.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is the lab of Jack Gilbert in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into acknowledged visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it was shown to the hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanned their brains to create a great resource of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and meanwhile, a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan, described it to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This blew us down.
We're very close to do it.
We only need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same map.
This was led to the brain scanning systems of most available resolution today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer me for that.
Many are proposing new projection techniques for images, even me . counting with the recent result of MRI, first we need to ask the following, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, let's make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spiral.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI was to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent advances in the resolution of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transmission and radio frequency receptors in the MRI systems.
At the time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use strategic patterns to the FM radio frequencies.
So, by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency processing, we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single scan.
In addition, we can then divide in layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not only the fluid blood fluid, but the one of the hormones and neutrons that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are big questions.
It would be irresponsible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options to open this door.
Anyway, pick up a year, in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that taking a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
His closet is perhaps to say to some person for the first time that love or say to someone who's pregnant, or say to someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have gone into life.
Every gun is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived it and having come out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it should happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the South Side Walker Walker, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the lesbian military: I won't track my armpits, quote the letters of Ann du France as a litany . .
And I'm going to be convinced that because of my short screen, and I had shave my head recently, I was usually asking a little kid,``Hey, are you kid or girl? ''
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would push my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rage of rage.
The father is immediately beating the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I wound up inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was ready and I was about to go into full of the female issues on the table . I had the dates of Betty Friedman.
Global Steinem dates.
Even a fragment of the Vagina Monologues that I would show.
And then I breathe up and down the gaze and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist dog, just a girl with a question:``Are you kid or girl? ''
So I breathe again, and I put out of writers near her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is something confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid clothes, but I am a girl, and you know, as well as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable piece.
Well, I'm more than a girl's little girl . ''
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is violent and it has a fish.
Can you give me a piece, please? ''
And that was all .``Oh! You're a girl.
What about the piece I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and me, both, we were honest one with the other.
Just like many of us, I've lived in some weapons in my life, and I know, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But within the darkness, you can't know what color are.
You just know how one feels in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different to you or to your own or your own.
I'm sure, I'll give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was harder than coming out of your own, but this is the issue: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that explaining to somebody who's declared in broken bank is more difficult than saying it's been fooled?
Who can tell you that this story that I think is more difficult than to tell your five-year-old son that you're going to divorce you?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop rating what's hard about what it's hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our weapons, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in weapons, and they can make sense of security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I, that had a horse tail, a high dress and shoes.
It was not the prepared military lesbian to fight any four year-old boy who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, I was writing in a corner of my dark closet by putting my gay gay, and the moving just a muscle is the most terrifying thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, weird strangers I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that grain, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grandmother launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the invited guests knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor lady workers, in my black dress and heels, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me years.
And after I speak a moment, one of the women recorded,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started.
\" Huh, are you ever in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Huh, do you know my host Antonio?? ''
It's very good, and it's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Huh, what is your favorite TV program? ''
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who love us? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, destroyed, but in waiting to show you desperately his support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the lampoore launches.
So surely, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt much.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were setting up.
And what else can you ask someone, but will it be spread?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out of.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Cinner girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it implies to go out of any gun is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be yourself . .
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . You just say it . You're going to take your patches.
If you know they're gay, you'll tell it.
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You have no excuse for that.
And some of you can get safe wounded, get rid of what you've done, but you never apologize for what you are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So next time you find in a closet dark, you're going to start a grain, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Standard Discover that``The question of whether a machine can think about it is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Eschesper Discover wrote this, he did it as a criticism to computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental mechanisms underlying the intelligence.
Let's take a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the Earth's biology or the Earth's neuroscience or Earth's intelligence, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that you don't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept on Earth intelligence, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that demolish the surface of a planet systematically stop.
And that's why I claim that this is the same question as an understanding of the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took in a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, who were sitting, I think, to a single underlying mechanism.
In cosmology, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted for intelligence development, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness robots of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different topics and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years, there is a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different topics?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is, what you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to a E = feet for intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping the choices open, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, to a future time, it's taken.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be trapped.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, by having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
I predict the level of human intelligence?
Is artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life, should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that genetic connection connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if the intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find it, we developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find inside.
And surprisingly, England could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money by trading actions, all of it without it had been done.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a human standing human, here we see the English balance automatically balanced a car . .
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
I just decided by his account to balance the pole.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate out of a string of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that England can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
And entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
So for example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
Here we see England orbiting new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeping successful, connected network.
This same network of network orchestras also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see England organizing the routes of a ship fleet, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand globally from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see England spontaneously to discover and execute a business strategy, smile in a simulated series of actions of actions, successfully increase the assets under their management management.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Wikipedia: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of human behaviors are smart cognitive behaviors, such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derive from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony.
Let's go back to the beginning of the term of the robot, the word``ABC"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
Machines will be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that perhaps all these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then memorized, and they're trying to thrive the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking the control of all the possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I'm often wondering,``How do you look for targets, you get out of this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call``home . ''
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of stars when the planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that are between them and their mother star.
In conjunction, this helps us understand if these planets are small and rich as the Earth planets in our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their soldiers.
At the time, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this thesis of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is getting down under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the hottest record.
Glass and ice ice that has been with us from millennia now are disappearing in the question of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to disrupt their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
But I study the player's religion influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as a very interesting one in the search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets look at the Earth, more enjoying our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited to a comparison between the newly discovered planet, and the planets that we know best: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars . .
Mars is small and rational, and despite being a little further from the Sun, he can consider a potentially livable world shown this for a mission like the Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past and, partly, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like the Curious will track its surface in search for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Martin mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their risk.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Martian images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain connected, really extracted places in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry and highest places of the Earth, air is fresh and full of oxygen exhausted by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other particular planets with a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this control of the only planet that we know is truly livable, Earth.
And so I like an institutional exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party is actually going to have place later on the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and Earth preservation don't get confused.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserve and improve life in the future.
Extreme environments in our world look like alien paintings.
It's just more about home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and unexpected areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the Enrico physicist Fire asked: considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Okay, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider living in between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the origin of the planets were pushing this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the institutional colonization will save ourselves, but planetary preservation and institutional exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to take the hostile environments on Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch, looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all fine closed.
I thought about calling a bubble, at least had my cell phone, but at midnight, a bubble could take a long time to get, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night, because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and precision of my passport and my suitcase.
It's going to be expensive, but it sure doesn't make any more expensive than a bureaucracy to a half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was right.
I'm a profession neuroscientist and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Little cortisol that increases heart rhythm, modulate levels of adrenaline and nourish thinking.
And when I got to the factor of failure in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, which prevents bad things happen.
Or at least, if you have bad things, you minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't cry.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kashi, the Nobel Prize winner, and a little embarrassed I talked about I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a prospective hindsight.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, known as the pregnancy.
You all know what the program is . .
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the preamble, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, then you try to figure out what you can do to prevent things happen or to minimize harm.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a primate.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with objects.
In the house, it will decrease a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of the important things, where the good, where the fish are, which is using fruit trees, where the friends are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's being added in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone actually did the experiment, they cut the solid sense of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose car keys, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, you're a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For its passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular issue.
If you take a place and you're substantial with it, you'll always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card, license to drive, passport, send it for mail to yourself so you're in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the British releases brain.
The cortisol is toxic and entertaining thinking.
So part of the prefrontal practice is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation that when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we'll all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved self, to help them with a decision . .
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical statement.
But this is raised as a protein for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decision-making and social decisions, any kind of decisions that you have to take from a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor, and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attacks to heart, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to take a drug to help reduce the cholesterol, a state . ''
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most refugee drugs in the world today . Even it's likely to know people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, remember the statue! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that's supposed to ask for most physicians don't want to speak, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NSA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NSA?
It's the number of people who should take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person.
And should you think about what kind of destroyed statistics that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't remind me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a fault of doctor, and if it's somebody's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the statistical estimates of Mullik that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely remembered state, which think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person??
300.
This according to the research of the Khmer Groups and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Black.
I'm exploring numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, brain spill or other adverse events.
Now you might think,``Well, a chance in 300 to drop my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you must ask for a more statistics, and it's,``Tell me of the side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: desperate pain pain and artificial pain, stranger pain, but now they think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress, they don't think about clarity.
So you think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go through the drug that you're helping you.
I don't say they should or not take the state.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take your risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number need to treat is pretty typical.
To the surgery that's done more in the older men of 50, the spread of cancer for cancer, the number needed to treat is 1949.
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the importance or the erectile dysfunction, the urban income, the straight Greek, fecal income.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent, the effects will just last a year or two . .
So the idea of print is to think of the questions of the questions that you can plant to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change opinion in the heat of time, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that a lot of systems are coming up.
There's a evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, it doesn't need the digestive system, or the freedom or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast . They could become the lunch lunch, so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational legal thinking, like Danny Kahn and their colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail from time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures could be, to put the systems in the place that will help us minimize harm, or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place.
Britishing at night's night in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor introduced me a corruption of combination next to the door, with a key of the gate door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of emails I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piero,``P"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more gently.
Two feet, even more gentle.
Four finger, extremely soft.
This is my drawing of a golden tree, and you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of dollars can have, never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the AIDS, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came over the 1800s, and over the time, you mix with local signs, and you developed the language that we now know as AIDS.
So, it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a world of sounds, it's like I live in a foreign country, following their rules, customs, behaviors and norms without questioning.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't laugh the door! ''
\" Don't make a lot of noise in the bag of the potato bag! ''
\" No mistakes, and when you're eating, you're going to make sure you're not going to throw the covers on the dish . ''
I call it a sound tag.
Maybe I think of the sound tag of what the average person does.
I'm super surprising of sounds.
And I'm always waiting with nerves the sound, about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
Twitter, to decide.
Collider, for continuing.
Twitter, to announce.
You can see that the pedestrian doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle and supermassive bars.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for``pentage"in the AIDS.
A typical pedestrian has five lines.
However, to me, to do the age with my thumb, this is not natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to tell me more than art?
I realized that doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it tactile, or to experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me about sound, decided to leave it and understand it.
I started to create a new work body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was alien, it was something of a listener person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could deny me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose that I would get sick.
There's massive culture around the language spoken.
And just because I don't use my literary voice to communicate, to society eyes, it's like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal to equal and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of AIDS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you borrow your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get up in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, depth in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express fully on paper.
And the same thing can say about a concept in AIDS.
The two are very spatial and highly modular that means that subtle changes can affect the whole meaning so much of signals as sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand better how AIDS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The AIDS is divided into many different graphic parameters.
If you assign a different parameter for every finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the motion of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so, as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you would just put a keyboard at the time.
However, AIDS is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers in a symbolic form to express a clear concept or idea in AIDS.
If only a keyboard would change the chord, create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone, doorbell and volume.
In Israel, by using these different graphic parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign``ink in that . ''
This is the sign of that.
I'm watching you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was charged.
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, quite!
So I started thinking, and if I look at AIDS through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the``day"sign, the sun comes out and put.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, visually it looks like a music piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of night,``Last night ,"`` during night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AIDS and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, a hero . It's a hand, two stories . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So the first example is,``It's a long time ago . ''
Then,``past ,"`` used to"and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once,``There was once . ''
\" Common Time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word``common time ,"I think automatically in``at the same time . ''
See MIT: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the pedestrian through the head and the chest.
( Face: MIT, flower warm] [in the chest: E, flat paw .) I'm going to show you a form of my hand called``flat paw . ''
Can you do it with me??
Everybody with high hands.
We're now going to do it so much in your head like chest, something like``common time ,"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very good.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one . Please do it again.
And now this.
It means collection.
Now, the third one . Please give me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"at the AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Love ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's incredible to see how AIDS is alive and prosperous, like music.
However, today, we live in a very educational world today.
And just because the AIDS doesn't have sound, it's automatically not social value.
We need to start questioning what the social value defines and allow AIDS to develop its own value without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AIDS, not to hear to learn music.
The AIDS is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love us.
Thank you.
LP: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents would say,``You can take it all, but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or an ignorance bubble, because adults lie to us from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I learned that adults also aspire and that they're not very good at clean each other.
The country, now I'm a grown-up adult and I teach citizen and invention at the Harvard Kong School.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bureaucracs and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream with inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We began to build this work of work with height, so that the kids very boring can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something we hope to work.
We decided instead of collecting plastic chunks, we'll only collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- the kids are very excited with robots.
Then we quickly create what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end up before lunch.
And we transform lamps and online cameras in accessories and we put it into a floating robot that will be slowly moving through water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board to process this image and measure the size of every particle, to get a estimate from the amount of plastic in the water.
We documented this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called``Researchers ,"with the hope that someone's best even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and he painted, they're trying to fix it immediately.
But my students in Hong Kong are very good kids.
You see the news, they consume the Internet, and they played with this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Sunday, the largest manual rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water where you bathe, the water where you fish, where you live.
You can also see that water is brown, the mud and oil also are brown color, and when everything is mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called the spectra, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can flow through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help to identify what's in the water.
We want this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
What's great about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help a remote other children.
[" I can investigate a problem at a distance], and I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe I'll take a harder problem, and also closer to me . ''
I'm half Japanese and half French, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Fukushima, a nuclear central center.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons still are leaking from nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has pollution traces by 7,000 . .
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima's radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe aspects, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take kids.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents were not allowed.
But every night we informed the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem that they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with radioactivity all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the iteration, etc.
And to do this, we create a three-dimensional map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigment to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we gather water to simulate the rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the Victorian system and deployed in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central.
We zoom up to a mile from the nuclear central, and with the help of the area of the area, we were picking up sediments from the marine milk with a seat tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple source technologies.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children' dreams can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Search Harvard: We asked things like: can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy??
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age, transforming its standard wheelchair chairs into new electric vehicles??
Plastics, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect children in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, stereotypes, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radical design cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is presented about the environment, the other one believed.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the marble in gross, he saw a figure that he struggled for free.
The filmmaker was only tools of Michelangelo.
But living beings are not silent.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we took all the information out of every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by the rigor of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have said a world made from parts, including the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects like disciplined parts of different functions.
But you don't find homophone in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with diagnosed pores.
The skin skins are more thick with small pores.
You act mainly like filter, the other main as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there are no parts, there's no sticks.
It's a system that makes gradually its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the personalized domestic of every designer and architect by working today between the cylinder and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in both screens after me.
My job, on its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, getting away from the assembly and rising growth.
You probably wonder: Why now?
Why couldn't it be 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they consume four disciplines that offers designers access to the tools we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created . .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large-scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 feet of diameter with a visceral basis that some of the day not very far to print entire buildings -- and graphics at nanoscale made genetically modified microorganisms.
Here we have reinventing the jealous, an archetype of the old Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where each of the overwhelming is the unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it . .
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt, and this was for a Paris's fashion parade with Iran, and it's like a second skin made from a single piece, which is in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and for 3D fresh countries between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CIA scanner.
That designers have access to this high-tech analytical and the synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that will adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable, and also sound sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes surveillance.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, auditory and color, running into the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varied its functionality not by adding another material or another assembly, but moving continually and deliberately the material property.
But is ideal nature?
Is there parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she goes,``In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit tree . ''
For that first frustrated tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches, crust, tables and flowers.
The land created a world made from parts.
I often wonder,``What would design be if the objects were made from a single piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruits, and we found it.
The second most abundant biopsy on the planet is called diamond, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could synchronize their properties, we could generate multi-toice structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal market . We asked a bunch of shrimp husks, we put them a lot of shrimp.
vary chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple remotely controlled energy nozzles.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a only three feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form to the contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic??
The air bubbles that were a superconduction of the printing process was used to contain mathematical microorganisms that came for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we surveyed the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of send to mesh, and if they zoom even more, windows.
A fruit tree of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first life forms on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves as a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed marine life; and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The nickname for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the interplanetary travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computing, made additive and augmented in a biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid rent, only that instead of dragging precious metals, it's synthesized new biological officials within very small channels.
This field is called medicine.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms combined.
The first is civilization.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that was in the human gut.
A turn light in sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but design by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, that will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, making the properties of the material according to a desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, it's 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a TEDster, our first portable mathematician, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shakespeare said,``We are creatures made by fashion, only half is done . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and use our bodies?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer print material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do it.
It grows . I add with sophistication.
This worm of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it gets memorized.
The non-lethal manufacturing is approaching this level of sophistication.
It makes it through combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers.
And this happens through scales.
The first silk worm is being lost in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts to eliminate a company of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, manifest into a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we paste a small magnet to the head of a silk worm.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud cloud in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the canopy.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it would eliminate a flat capital and still memorized.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the box, are transmitted directly by the environment.
They often have the silk worms to death inside their backs, their silk goes down and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants could shape the raw silk without boiling a single box.
They will be healthy, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hyperbolic robot making silk plates, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms into darker and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or holes, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the tragedies.
We asked 6,500 worms of silk to a online silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to film with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they were fighting, they were created, they came up, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
When you eliminate biological silk on the dry silk, you give all this pavilion your integrity.
And in a little more than two weeks or three weeks , 6,000 silk worms yield 3,000 miles.
In a symmetry curious, this is also the length of the silk route.
Poles, after the dung, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future.
So here's the two visions of the world.
A head silk through a robotic arm, the other empty fill.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here it is to a new age of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when you first asked this?
You can show them the fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now raise your hand if the question,``What do you want to be? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be of older? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the kill and the art and developed websites, and I was also playing the guitar in a punch band called Telescope frustrated.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, because I've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it's coming back.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive in it, and I'm going to let me absorb and I feel like``Yes! I've found me ,"and then again, again, where I start to dive.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to convert all of this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all my other passions, and refuse to get bored.
Another reason why I was so anxious was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad in me not to define anything.
I was worried about having fear of engagement, or being dispersed, or to shape or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have planned then.
Ask yourself, where you learn to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where you learned it: you learn it from culture.
You ask ourselves,``What do you want to be more? ''
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one cares about what you answer that age.
It's considered an naive question to provide nice responses in children like,``Be an astronaut ,"or``being dancing ,"or``I want to be a pirate . ''
They're interested in the shooting of Hall here.
And this question is done over and over again as we grow from various forms, and, oh, high school students ask you they're going to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's about being the cute exercise of before what brings us out of sleep.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, I don't inspire dreaming with everything they could be.
In fact, it's just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults are good, you might get out and say,``Oh, what's nice, but you can't be an art of violence and psychologists.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he's an artist of violence and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Ng, a magazine editor, commercially, business, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real vocation, the idea that each of us has something to spend on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And you feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multi-toice.
A multinational is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a mouth so to say.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple, potential and dodo.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, relationship.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barack Sherman is referred to us as``scanners . ''
Use any term you like or invent yourself.
It seems like a species of adapting to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the multiverse as a limitation or an academic that you should beat.
But what I've learned talking about with people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
Here are three multinational superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
So I and Rachel Bina expressed their interests shared in cartography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by founding mastery.
Memory is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
Three and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its climate mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And the crowds, with all their backgrounds, can access a large amount of these intersection points.
The second multinational superpower is the rapid learning.
When the crowds are interested with something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're ready to be beginners, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely start from zero.
North Kong is a full-time journey and independent writer.
As a pianist girl, a incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism.
Before becoming a writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the mechanical sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for publishers.
It's rarely a waste of time going to what you're drawn to, even if you end up.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability . It's the ability to transform into anything that's needed in a given situation.
Abe Cape is sometimes director of videos, others, web designer, sometimes consultant of Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The Arab Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and inevitably that it's the individuals and organizations that can pivot to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that really thrive.
Seconds of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where the crowds are very adept, and three skills you could lose if you're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex, musical problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialist and a multi-toice multiplication.
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice, and the multiverse offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going to manage to how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the crowds largely are encouraged to be more like their special partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you get out of this talk, I hope it's this: recognized with the internal wiring, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then, special for all media.
That's where you give the best of yes.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell them,``Recycle with their many passions . ''
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits.
They explore intersections.
Obligation our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multicultural, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In the year 1968, a woman called August took him to a psychiatrist in France.
And he was delivered, and he couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaskahs.
Alaska didn't know how to help August, but he was flying for her until, unfortunately, he was failing in 1906.
After his death, Alaska did an autopsy and found strange and mobile plates in the Amazon brain, a guy who had never seen before.
The even more amazing thing.
If Grace had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than the fact that Alan gave him 14 years ago.
Alan was Dr. Alexis Alzheimer.
And Andrew determines, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1908, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, statistics for cardiac and much more.
But a little bit has been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million people, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one of two.
In other words, there is the probability that their years are going to happen with Alzheimer or helping care to a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and its cost is growing up for five times in 2050, as they age the generation of the baby bomb.
You may surprise it, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't be prevented, cure or even relative its development.
We understand less from Alzheimer than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer despite the fact that it costs us more than Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, everyone, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But it's only looking at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to despite a loss loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduction significantly reduces life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and strangers in the Amazon brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made from protein molecules.
You can think a protein molecule like a piece of paper that's folding as an origami.
There are places in the paper that are sticky.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes protein molecules paste each other, forming groups that can form big plates and villages.
That's what we see in the patient brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what's going to block is complex, as you can trigger a bomb.
It would cut a wire to do anything.
It's going to cut the other people to make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that you block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, in its most part, the wires have reduced and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, and now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
No one outside of our lab has seen it yet.
So let's see a few videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are pasting each other inside them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure . .
After 140 years of waiting, there's real hope of what you can achieve in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be aware that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and family have gotten more research and pressure pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to go forward in HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too upset to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Superman, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column, in January this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: Two strangers are being brought to make 36 increasingly personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time I cried before another person?
And just?
As it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: -- this really like --``Tell you your partner, what thank you or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the gossip that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited to the entire lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with someone I knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column Love Museum a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself: Are you going to go together?
And the reason I think you care about this is because I have already asked this question over and over the last seven months.
And from this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been ready to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times probably reached a few thousand views.
And that led a relatively new deal of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, he had no idea.
The article was published online a Friday evening, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, I've already called the East Show and the Google Museum America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visits, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to encourage the trust writing with sincerity about its own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, they asked the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick quest in my email with the phrase,``Do you still follow together? ''
And several messages came immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I sat in the radio and asked him.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage,``Hey Mandela where your boyfriend is? ''
And I immediately put it red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have lived life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valenti, who included the experiences of readers when we test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public appearance together.
I Richard interviews of television, and you bring the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the living icons of the entertainment process, a range I didn't feel on the absolute career . .
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: or whether it was able to produce prevalent love, not just an adventure, but real love, prevalent love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, people asked the wrong question.
How do you know whether you're going to go together or not, and you also tell them??
If the answer was no, would the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions??
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for to foster interpersonal adoption between college students, using what Iran called super-all, sustained, reproductive personal openness.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt more close after doing that . several coastal studies also used the Amazon Quick Protection as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police members and the community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed destroyed by it.
And I said,``You mean you fall in love with the person who you did? ''
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I: But would they become better friends?
Did you feel that you were able to meet better after testing the study?
The seat.
So, I worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was running a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was practically all my adult life, and he was my first true love, and he had no idea how or she could live without him.
So I set up in science.
It was all that I could find on romantic love science, and I expected that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought that just research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I took the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I am more relaxed.
I have more trust to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what you can reasonably expose me.
What I'm looking for from love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but I'm going to keep being loved by the person that I love to.
It may be the guarantee of the one that people asked when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that you ask: Do you still follow together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who isn't?
How do you stay in love when things get complicated, and how do you know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner??
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what to love someone.
So, if you want the short version of the story of my relationship, it's this -- a year ago, a well-known, and I apply a study that's designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay in love.
Finding is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, the love didn't happen.
We're in love because we take the choice to be.
And I'm striking a little bit when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to that choice.
It doesn't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how long it will have to keep making that choice without knowing whether he's always choosing me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, friendly and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I'm looking for, and what's going to happen my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending in the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone, and hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some lesbian little lesbian, and I was sort of like a forest genome.
The city in New York ago a while ago, something that really affected me, but more details.
I'll start with when I was eight.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill, a feather and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's very much because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out and make a sound and all these weird things -- and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I threw out all the pages and I did a kind of climber cells in the Angele Atlantic style, and I covered them in resin and a bee was trapped.
Well, my mother has fear to bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resins in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it looked like it got size, as if you would look at the text with a magnifying light.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow tracks, draw the same that's done around a candidate in the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own temperature of invention specimens.
First, business -- you can make an idea.
I then made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the layers of resin.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and things, and I was earning some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Singapore.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size resin sculptures with human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I die.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing on a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that they formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my kind of culture with something very big, that I call``traffic . ''
For the tropics, I was very inspired in``The Garden of Delicious"by Symphony Bush, which is a painting in the Model Museum in Spain.
Do you know it??
Well, it's a fantastic frame.
They say it's a little bit ahead of his time.
Well, the transit . I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this analog mesh exchange where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed at the end, ready to suicide in mass by crawling in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a retirement.
Bill Graham is in the sea; the Horizon -- oil platform of the Walker spill -- the Repository of Osama Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
And anyway, a kind of a computer.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes up.
Their hands are like bullets, and it looks like a mythological being that holds Earth and cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a transportation aspect.
It's a little bit a narrative.
That's the hand where I spit.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a nose, like a bird of bird, and spit clouds from this term.
It also has a $15 meter tail that binds the transit.
Anyway, his tail is going to be able to be able to run on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in an x-ray eyeball made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were made in the 1980, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
It brings me to my last project.
I'm in two projects: One is called``microscopes . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in the form of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a piece of microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can reverse the entrance.
You're going to take you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers your penis or your breath, or whatever you have, a kind of official thing.
It's a quick speed of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body party.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between two.
There are a couple of pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside the ribcage.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called pioneering Worldchanges.
Within this box, there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emissions, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world; and a garden.
We lie the box, and all the people in the inside collide each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you're a redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made from the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and genetically we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you take your head?
They take an aspirin.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first passes through the stomach, the interests and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and industrial system for any current medicine in the body.
The disadvantage, however, is that when you swallow any drug, it's diagnosed.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CO2 cell recognition.
But they're also known by their side side effects, in their majority negative, because in time that they're going to get to the blood current, they dance, and worse even for the time they're taking to their destination, which is where it's more important: HIV warehouse.
These are body regions like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is interactive, and it doesn't easily go into the bloodstream of the patients that are taken to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the drug drugs, which is a lifelong treatment treatment.
One day, I sat and thought,``Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of the drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If you use it in dentistry, for wound care and diabetes of diabetes, you can use for anything imaginable, including the institutional transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
And they're like,``How is that possible? ''
We send a small, powerful ray ray on the cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser takes the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before even realizing, the hole is immediately repair.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an increase on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yes . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I studied armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these generation agents of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do fieldwork, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be an argument between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, from the 21st peace accord agreement between 1975 and 2011 , 1969 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we should understand these groups; we should even understand them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do it??
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do it, but no one analyzed what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the political policies are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Himalayas Levited, known by its violent organization against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Hemerale also established a political party, a social service network and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hall, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also announced the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex communication machinery: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, print in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising, but through profitable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand . .
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put into professional training programs or microscopes.
Hemen offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan described by war or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS, it can also understand the efforts of these groups for security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral victory in 2006, the Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term view.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, we can be able to categorize them as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Himalayas?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, collect the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines destroy.
We live in a world of states, of nations without state and hybrids, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups, they will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and make peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to promote the transition of violence to non-violence . .
In this new device between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle . .
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are failed, but I'm afraid that we can openly accept the``feminist"tag would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist"and then in the interviews, people started to call me the Feminist feminist.
So what started as a personal joke destined myself and a deliberate projection, has become something bigger.
Let me take a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex . Like that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, particularly, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people to numb that could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and nasty word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are self-setting: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same shot for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence free.
We have right to use easy ways and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social conditions, skills and much more . .
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I am a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that you do from me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive the job, I hear a rap music to beat all volume.
Although the letter is degraded to women, and I'm deeply disturbed, the classic``Salt Shah"of the Los Angeles Tan Twitter is incredible.
\" Make it real with your wet t-shirt . ''
bitch, give you, move until you get your shell! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely driven by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also kill insects, garbage harvesting, the care of the grass and the maintenance maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
Enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see``The Balti"and romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy fairy stories.
Some of my crimes are more downloaded.
If a woman wants to adopt their husband's edge, it's their choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose . .
We solve this problem.
It recognizes conventional feminist that has ignored or dramatically deployed the needs of color women, workers, homosexual and transgendered, in favor of white, heterosexual, middle-class women.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens the following: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We've got this tendency to put feminist feminist in a pedestal.
We hope that they give the perfection.
When we're disappointed, we would take them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them.
As I said, I am a disaster; I already consider me of that pedestal before they try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I am feminist ,"by fear of what that sticker means, by fear of not being able to fulfill with a little realistic expectations.
Take Beijing, or as I call it, the Domina.
In the last few years, it's a decentralized feminist.
In the Netherlands Museum of 2014, at MTV, it acts in front of the word``feminist"of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this pop star to open openly the feminism and make women know, and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
On the past, cultural critics started an endless debate whether Feynman was or not precisely feminist.
They estimate their feminism, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We experience perfection from feminist, because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so deeply.
We're going far beyond the critical sensible and constructive criticism, to draw the feminist of any woman, shoot it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the starting point.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to figure out, go to action and be a little bit more courageous.
If I listen to degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we expand change by affecting their profits.
It's certainly difficult.
Why does its music have to be so peculiar?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
These are two magnificent girls, decisions and brilliant, and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world . .
Where they're appreciated by strong creatures they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is expanded as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sport, the Game of Troy . .
We can change the radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as board sacks.
In any case, the men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny us to be included until most of us are welcome to overcome the barriers.
Since we're not personal groupers, without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little . .
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, people in the power power and the producers of film and music, CEOs, legislation, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminism, well, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad Feminist ,"he says,``Would you be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons, but I say it, especially, because my voice was stolen, and the feminist helped me record it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
And a few kids made me out when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all, I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to write.
It reminds me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure . .
Through writing and feminist, I also found that if I was a little brave, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us are the nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are . .
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I am a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave, when you need such value.
Right after Christmas last year , 123 children in California had measles for having visited Disneyland or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then attracted the border with Canada, infects over 100 children in Quebec.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an intellectual immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century, but many of the kids involved in the Disney outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article who designed the police about autism and discovered vaccines, described and marked by being a fraud driven by the British Medical Journal?
Don't most intelligent scientists think that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put their children in danger to their children.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
Over the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The little psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it, they create to develop all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed stable just three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
For fundraising organizations like autism September refer radically to autism as an epidemic, as if I could contact another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Disease Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``appropriate diagnostic criteria"and``a better detection of cases"to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't design a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If diagnosis criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning??
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with the slow and cautious progress of science than the secret power of the narrative.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kandhi, at the Johns Hopkins Hospital, in 1942, Kangel published an article that described 11 young patients that seemed to inhabit private worlds, sending people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours to shake their hands before their faces, but they were prey for the panic for mentors like when he wouldn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Daniel speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that it had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as they pick reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria of Janeiro for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I was desperate to give that diagnosis to kids with consumers, but we now know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He had once been drawn that he had turned to nine out of every 10 children who were sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis diagnosis.
Daniel was an intelligent man, but part of his theories weren't close.
It classified autism as a form of childhood psychosis caused by cold parents and destroyed.
These kids, he said, they've been carefully maintained in a fridge that he doesn't deserve.
At the same time, though, Bangalore noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are clustering in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before we get the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Bangladesh had a bad opinion of these skills, taking things like the kids were simply recording what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Surely, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of Janeiro that autism was weird.
Larry Winness, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the November mothers of Janeiro was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
Larry and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie without support services, special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service of Health needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Luria and their colleague Judy Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did an autism privilege study in the general population.
He was a suburb of London called Cambridge to try to find autistic kids in the community.
What you saw clear that the Panama model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were embedded in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the genealogy of the reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit into beautiful and standing squares, as Judy said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Janeiro would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one ever had been aware of these kids before??
But then Luria found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to Kansas's article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Daniel knew about this article of competition, but he avoided automatically to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, Larry's husband spoke German, and he translated it to her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna in the 1930s . .
And the ideas of Asperger for children's teaching with learning differences were even progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercises with music, and kids followed their games the Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming to the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required complex forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and he became helping in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that would open a amazing variety of money and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in archetype known in pop culture as the frontal social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even to say, for success in science and art, an autism pool is essential.
Larry and Judith found out that Kangel was wrong in which autism was infectious, as well as the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came in the direction, holding the limited model of Janeiro for a broad and inclusive Asperger . .
These changes don't fall in broken steel.
Today, when Larry and Judith were working between abuse to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it comes out``Rain Man"in 1988, just a small circle, it was taken by experts, I knew what the autism was, but after the inevitable act of Dusty Humpaman, like Ray Babbage and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four awards of the Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world know what autism was
At the same time, it was introduced the first easy clinical testing testing to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little cycle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man ,"the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnosis began to rise, just like Larry and Judith predicted, in fact, they were hoping that it was, making people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that are deserved.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis, a simple, powerful, creative history, as bad as Panama's theory was influential.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles to solve by the new medical advances, coined the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neurogenesis is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distorted, obviously social, and suffers from a deficit of attention to details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, who believed that the cure for the most disruptive aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in their children's potential.
An autistic woman named Zoliath Zacs once said,``We need all the hands in cover to get the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste and a brain.
Thank you.
